Unai Emery suffered defeat on his Arsenal debut as Manchester City kicked off their title defence with a 2-0 victory at the Emirates Stadium.
Raheem Sterling capped a relentless start from the reigning champions with his 50th Premier League goal inside the quarter-hour mark before Bernardo Silva secured the win with an exquisite second on 64 minutes.
Emery has been tasked with taking Arsenal to the next level after Arsene Wenger's departure at the end of last season - but it was a familiar, disjointed performance from the Gunners, who visibly need time to adapt to their new manager's philosophy.
For Pep Guardiola and City, it was business as usual as they took their place among the Premier League's early pacesetters having started the defence of their crown with an eighth consecutive opening-day triumph.
The sense of optimism and anticipation was tangible ahead of the start of the Emery era at the Emirates, but that soon dissipated once City had found their groove.
Sterling was a constant thorn in Arsenal's side and, five minutes after drawing Petr Cech into action with a near-post drive, the England international fired City into a deserved lead, skipping past Hector Bellerin and Matteo Guendouzi before lashing the ball beyond the unsighted Gunners goalkeeper.
Bellerin registered Arsenal's first attempt on target on 21 minutes, playing the ball through Benjamin Mendy's legs before testing Ederson with a swerving drive, but that proved to be a rare venture into opposition territory for the besieged Gunners.
City responded immediately as Sergio Aguero fired a shot into the side netting and, from the resulting goal-kick, Cech nearly scored a bizarre own goal as City pressured the Arsenal defence, determined to play out from the back.
Cech got down low to his left to keep a Riyad Mahrez free-kick out on 28 minutes, and recovered well to prevent Aymeric Laporte from converting the rebound, before Mahrez and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang flashed efforts wide before the interval.
A last-gasp deflection prevented a rasping Aguero drive from doubling City's lead on 50 minutes, a lead which Arsenal could have erased had Alexandre Lacazette's dipping volley found the target five minutes later.
Arsenal were fortunate not to go two goals behind when Cech brilliantly prevailed in a one-on-one with Aguero, after Guendouzi's missed clearance released the City forward through on goal, but a minute later City doubled their lead when Bernardo Silva ruthlessly dispatched Mendy's cutback.
Aubameyang and Mesut Ozil found the back of the City net as Arsenal pushed for a response, but both efforts were ruled out for offside as Emery was left to reflect on a debut defeat.
Alexandre Lacazette's late equaliser gave Arsenal a 1-1 draw in an entertaining clash with Liverpool at The Emirates on Saturday
Liverpool hit the woodwork twice through Roberto Firmino and Virgil van Dijk during a frantic but goalless first half and had a fair goal from Sadio Mane disallowed for offside.
The visitors took the lead through James Milner (61) after Bernd Leno had pushed a Mane cross into his path, but Arsenal drew level through Lacazette's sweet finish from 12 yards (82).
The result means Liverpool temporarily go top of the Premier League ahead of Manchester City's clash with Southampton on Sunday, while Arsenal remain unbeaten in 14 games.
The first half was played at breakneck speed with several chances for both sides. Henrikh Mkhitaryan got up above an uncertain Alisson to head just wide of goal from a deep cross, before Liverpool went up the other end and had the ball in the net.
Milner's ball over the top of Arsenal's defence found Firmino, who poked the ball against the post only for the ball to fall into Mane's path. He tapped home, but the flag was up, despite Mane being offside from the first phase of play, but behind the ball for Firmino's effort at goal.
Leno then saved well from Van Dijk after the defender took the ball down well in the area and shot, before Lacazette struck just wide from an angle at the other end.
Lacazette then had a goal correctly disallowed himself for offside, and Liverpool should have gone into the break ahead as Leno's missed punch allowed Van Dijk to glance towards goal and off the post.
Arsenal fell behind just after the hour mark as Mane's left-wing cross was tipped away by Leno into the path of Milner, and the midfielder composed himself to drill into the net from 15 yards for his 50th Premier League goal.
Moments later Lucas Torreira could only shoot straight at Alisson as the play opened up in front of goal, while Firmino and Van Dijk went close with headers from corners as Arsenal struggled to deal with Liverpool from set pieces.
Arsenal got their leveller with eight minutes remaining as substitute Alex Iwobi played Lacazette through on goal; as he half-rounded Alisson, he turned back to goal and found the far corner with a sweet finish after taking a touch to compose himself 12 yards out.
Arsenal extended their unbeaten run to 16 matches as Henrikh Mkhitaryan's late equaliser salvaged a 1-1 draw with Wolves at the Emirates on Sunday.
Ivan Cavaleiro took advantage of an error by Granit Xhaka to put Wolves ahead in the 13th minute.
Arsenal were flat and it looked like they were heading for their first defeat since August 18, especially after Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang spurned a superb chance in the 73rd minute.
However, substitute Mkhitaryan levelled in the 86th minute with a cross that curled into the far corner and Morgan Gibbs-White hit the bar for Wolves in injury-time.
While the result ends a run of three straight defeats for Wolves, they will probably feel they should have taken more from the game.
The visitors took the lead after 13 minutes when Xhaka dummied in his own half and gave the ball away to Cavaleiro. He passed forward for Raul Jimenez, who crossed into the middle for Cavaleiro to finish.
Alexandre Lacazette saw a close-range shot blocked in the 22nd minute, but otherwise Arsenal struggled to break down an organised Wolves defence.
It was the visitors who looked the more likely to score next as Bernd Leno saved twice from Helder Costa and Jimenez dragged wide from around 20 yards out.
Arsenal looked off their game and even after the break they struggled to assert any extra pressure.
Lucas Torreira saw a dipping shot tipped over by Rui Patricio, but it took Arsenal until the 71st minute to create a clear opening as Hector Bellerin blazed over from the penalty spot.
Shortly afterwards, Aubameyang was guilty of a glaring miss as he swept a shot against the post from eight yards out.
Diogo Jota was denied by Leno on the counter, before Arsenal levelled when Mkhitaryan's cross from the left went over everyone in the box and flew into the far corner.
Wolves had chances to restore their lead in injury-time but Leno saved from Adama Traore and then Gibbs-White saw a curling shot hit the bar and bounce down on the line with almost the final kick of the match.
Alexandre Lacazette's fine second-half strike helped Arsenal to a 2-0 win over Everton in the Premier League at The Emirates on Super Sunday.
The impressive Petr Cech kept Arsenal level in the first half with several fine stops, before a curling stunner from Lacazette (56) and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's close-range finish (59) gave the hosts a cushion, despite the latter looking offside.
The result means Arsenal have won their last five on the bounce having lost their opening two, and sit in sixth place with Everton back in 12th.
Though Arsenal had most of the ball, the majority of chances fell Everton's way in the first half; Richarlison was denied at his feet by Cech in the second minute, before he again forced the goalkeeper into a save with a 20-yard snap shot.
Nacho Monreal saw his effort from close range superbly saved by Jordan Pickford after Aubameyang had unselfishly fed him, while Theo Walcott's pace caused problems for his old club, racing in-behind to see a shot blocked well by Cech again.
Arsenal struggled to deal with Richarlison again before the break, Cech coming to the rescue once more to tip over his fierce shot from the left angle of the box, but the hosts struck twice in quick succession after half-time.
Everton started the second half well, but were flattened by two goals in four minutes. Out of nothing, Aaron Ramsey slid in Lacazette to curl home off the post from the edge of the box for his second goal of the season.
Arsenal were then three-on-one in the final third, with Mesut Ozil's intended pass for Ramsey finding Aubameyang, who finished past a helpless Pickford despite being in an offside position.
Everton hit the bar late on through Lucas Digne from a tight angle, but Cech was unbeatable in the Arsenal goal as Everton were beaten for a second straight Super Sunday.
First-half goals from Alexandre Lacazette and Henrikh Mkhitaryan earned Arsenal a 2-0 win over Southampton which moved them into fourth place in the Premier League table.
Lacazette was given one of the simplest chances he could wish for after six minutes when Mkhitaryan's half-volley found him unmarked six yards out and he directed the ball beyond Saints goalkeeper Angus Gunn with a smart flick.
Mkhitaryan went from provider to scorer 11 minutes later, turning home Alex Iwobi's deflected cross with a composed finish into the near corner from the right.
Southampton occasionally threatened and Matt Targett twice forced Bernd Leno into smart saves, but Arsenal moved back into the top four and above Manchester United with the victory.
Southampton started with the same vigour from their shock win over Arsenal back in December and could have led inside five minutes when Nathan Redmond did excellently to beat the offside trap and cut inside, but his shot was blocked by Leno's legs.
Arsenal immediately gave their visitors a lesson in finishing as they got the ball forward in a matter of seconds, with Iwobi's cross reaching Mkhitaryan, whose half-volley back across goal hit Lacazette and the Frenchman's second touch fired the ball past Gunn from six yards.
Targett tested Gunners 'keeper Leno again when he burst past Stephan Lichtsteiner down the left, but two strong hands kept out his shot towards the far post.
Arsenal doubled their lead in comical circumstances when Gunn's poor clearance landed perfectly for Iwobi, whose deflected cross fell nicely for Mkhitaryan to slide the ball inside the far post
Lacazette should have put the game out of Southampton's sight when Sead Kolasinac unselfishly played the ball through for him in a good scoring position, but he blazed over from a similar distance to his opener and let Saints off the hook.
Two attacking half-time changes from the visitors did little to inspire them back into the game, and Arsenal controlled much of the second 45 minutes like a training match.
Late on, substitute Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang could have added a third but his cross-shot towards Lacazette was kept out by Gunn's trailing leg.
Targett's volley called Leno into action again, but Arsenal's lead was never in great danger as they strolled back into the top four.
Craig Cathcart's own goal and a Mesut Ozil second gave Arsenal a flattering 2-0 victory over Watford for a seventh win in a row.
Alexandre Lacazette's pressure on Cathcart saw him turn Alex Iwobi's cross beyond Ben Foster with nine minutes to go at the Emirates, before which the visitors had enjoyed the better of the chances.
Will Hughes had volleyed an early chance wide, Andre Gray had a one on one saved by substitute goalkeeper Bernd Leno and an Isaac Success effort glanced the post with the scores goalless.
But once unconvincing Arsenal went ahead they quickly added another, Lacazette turning provider and Ozil firing home (83) to give Arsenal a seventh consecutive win, and fifth in the Premier League.
Watford's confidence has not been shaken since their perfect start to the campaign was ended by a draw and a defeat from their last two games, and they pressed Arsenal from the off at the Emirates.
But they could have been behind within five minutes, when Christian Kabasele's cumbersome challenge in the box caught Lacazette. The forward gallantly tried to stay upright but stumbled over a second later - and it was enough for referee Anthony Taylor to wave for a goal kick.
Hughes failed to take advantage of that let-off when he planted a volley wide from the edge of the box minutes later, when he should have found the target given the time he had to shoot.
n end-to-end game ebbed and flowed but Arsenal spent much of the game lacking imagination, and their best chance of the half came from a Watford mistake when Lacazette caught Cathcart in possession, before racing through and missing the far corner.
Petr Cech was forced off with a hamstring injury just before half-time and his replacement Leno needed to be in good form after it, denying Deeney's toe-poke from a Jose Holebas free-kick with a brilliant diving save.
It was his decisiveness rather than his reflexes which would then thwart Gray, when he raced off his line to narrow the angle when the striker was played through one-on-one and shot straight at him.
But he was nowhere near keeping out Success' effort when the Arsenal defence again went to sleep and allowed him to find space in behind, and was relieved to see the forward's dinked effort brush the far post before going out.
Arsenal's sighs of relief soon turned to cheers of delight when Iwobi's cross struck Cathcart's leg and bounced into his own goal, before Ozil doubled the lead from a rapid break with the visitors pushing forward for an equaliser.
Those goals extend the Gunners' winning run under Unai Emery for their longest run of Premier League victories since August 2017, but for the second weekend in a row their performance did not live up to the result.
Mesut Ozil and substitute Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang inspired Arsenal to a 3-1 victory over Leicester on Monday Night Football and a 10th win in a row in all competitions.
The Foxes capitalised on a positive start at the Emirates when Ben Chilwell's shot deflected in off Hector Bellerin in the 31st minute.
However, Ozil's well-taken goal on the stroke of half-time proved to be the catalyst for an Arsenal comeback.
Aubameyang was introduced in the 61st minute and scored twice inside five minutes, finishing from Bellerin's cross and then tapping in after a slick passing move.
Ozil played a key role in both goals and his man-of-the-match display was instrumental in an impressive victory, which came on former manager Arsene Wenger's 69th birthday and moves the Gunners back into fourth in the Premier League.
It looked like Arsenal's winning streak would be tested when, inside the opening six minutes, Kelechi Iheanacho saw a shot deflected over and then had a curling effort saved by Bernd Leno.
Arsenal were open at the back and loose in possession and were fortunate not to concede a penalty when the ball hit Rob Holding's hand in the box.
Leno then made a sharp low save to keep out a header from Harry Maguire before Leicester's pressure eventually was rewarded, Chilwell bursting up the left flank, taking the ball past Bellerin with a brilliant first touch and then finishing with the help of a deflection off the Spaniard.
But the goal belatedly sparked Arsenal into life and they levelled before the break.
Ozil played out to Bellerin on the right and then coolly finished the return pass into the box with a side-footed shot across goal and into the far corner.
The goal proved to be pivotal as Arsenal dominated after the break.
Leicester's only opportunity came in the 57th minute when Wilfred Ndidi beat Leno to a corner but headed against the bar from 10 yards out.
Aubameyang was introduced a few minutes later and soon put Arsenal ahead when he finished from close range after Bellerin played across the face of goal from Ozil's perfectly-weighted pass.
Ozil was involved again in Arsenal's slick third goal, dummying for Alexandre Lacazette and then chipping a return pass across goal for Aubameyang to finish.
Lacazette should have added to the scoreline but was denied at close range and then missed the target from a low cross.
Arsenal returned to winning ways in emphatic style with a 4-1 victory over Fulham on New Year's Day.
Looking to bounce back from a 5-1 drubbing at Liverpool, Arsenal punished Fulham for two missed Ryan Sessegnon chances when Granit Xhaka broke the deadlock (25) at the Emirates.
Alexandre Lacazette then scored Arsenal's second (55) after the break following a fine team move, and though substitute Aboubakar Kamara gave the visitors hope (69), it was only short-lived.
Aaron Ramsey (79) restored the two-goal advantage before Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang (83) added a somewhat flattering fourth. Arsenal move two points behind fourth-placed Chelsea, while Fulham remain 19th in the Premier League table.
It was a tale of three chances in the opening 25 minutes, with Sessegnon firing wide of the far post when one-on-one with Bernd Leno before the 18-year-old then missed a cross completely six yards out.
Xhaka duly punished Sessegnon for those missed opportunities, with the Swiss midfielder controlling Alex Iwobi's cross before stabbing an attempt beyond Sergio Rico for his first Premier League goal from inside the box.
Arsenal could have extended their lead further before the break, but a valiant block from Tim Ream denied Xhaka, while Rico kept out Lacazette's low drive after Aubameyang headed wide.
Lacazette doubled Arsenal's lead 10 minutes into the second half, adding the finishing touch to a quality move which saw Iwobi, Sead Kolasinac and Aubameyang link-up brilliantly down the left.
Fulham got back into it thanks to Kamara - who had been dropped to the bench after his penalty antics against Huddersfield - with the forward coming off the bench to tap in Sessegnon's cross.
Ramsey then came on for Lacazette, and though the tactical switch brought about jeers from the home fans, it was the Wales midfielder who added Arsenal's third from inside the area before Aubameyang saw his heavily-deflected effort sail past Rico to seal the three points.
Arsenal saw off Tottenham in one of the games of the season with a pulsating 4-2 victory on Super Sunday at the Emirates.
In a topsy-turvy north London derby, Arsenal dominated early on and took the lead through Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's penalty (10), but were pegged back by Eric Dier's near-post header (30), which caused a ruckus after he celebrated in front of Arsenal fans.
Spurs then stunned the Emirates as Harry Kane converted from the spot after Rob Holding foolishly left a leg in on Heung-min Son (34), but Arsenal were level after the break through Aubameyang's fine curling effort from the edge of the box (56).
Sub Alexandre Lacazette put Arsenal 3-2 ahead with 15 minutes remaining, squeezing a shot into the corner from 20 yards via a deflection, and they added a fourth two minutes later through Lucas Torreira after he raced through on goal at an angle.
Jan Vertonghen then saw red for a second yellow late on, and the result means Arsenal leapfrog their bitter rivals Spurs into fourth place in the Premier League table, eight points off leaders Manchester City.
Arsenal looked explosive in the early stages, with Spurs harried inside their defensive third, and from an early corner they were awarded a penalty via Vertonghen's needless handball. Aubameyang duly converted, but the pressure did not stop there.
Aubameyang could not get his body right as Sead Kolasinac found him six yards out, before Alex Iwobi forced Hugo Lloris into a low block with a first-time effort from 12 yards from another Kolasinac delivery.
Spurs started to settle as Son forced two saves from Bernd Leno, and the visitors then got their leveller on the half hour as Dier swept in at the near post to squeeze home Christian Eriksen's free-kick from the left.
As Dier celebrated in front of the Arsenal fans, the home subs got involved, causing a melee between both sets of players, and prompting Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino to run the length of the touchline in an attempt to calm the situation.
The stunning turnaround was complete just four minutes later as Holding needlessly tripped Son on the left of the box; Kane converted, his eighth goal in a north London derby, meaning Arsenal still have not gone into half-time ahead this season.
Lloris then superbly clawed away Shkodran Mustafi's looping header in first-half stoppage time, and half-time only provided a light breather as the drama continued.
Arsenal brought on Lacazette and Aaron Ramsey, and it was the latter who played a part in the equaliser, slipping into the final third and feeding Aubameyang, who curled a stunner past the rooted Lloris from 20 yards.
Dele Alli then blocked Mustafi's effort through a crowd off the line and Torreira blasted the rebound just wide, but Arsenal got the goal they deserved through Lacazette. Juan Foyth needlessly gave the ball to Ramsey, who fed the Frenchman in the final third, and his shot from 20 yards deflected off Dier and squeezed past Lloris.
The Emirates erupted moments later with their fourth; Aubameyang's through ball sent Torreira free at an angle on the right, and he duly found the far corner with a fine finish. "It's shaking. This stadium is shaking," said Sky Sports co-commentator Gary Neville.
There was a final insult for Spurs in the closing moments as Vertonghen saw red for a second yellow, but Spurs were already floored as Arsenal remain unbeaten in 19 in all competitions.
Southampton were left to rue a series of missed chances as they held Bournemouth to a goalless draw at the Vitality Stadium on Saturday.
Mark Hughes will feel his side ought to have wrapped up all three points with Charlie Austin, Stuart Armstrong and Manolo Gabbiadini, in the closing stages, all guilty of misses.
The result checked Bournemouth's fine start to the campaign but, six years to the day since Eddie Howe made his return with the club in the third tier, it is a measure of how far they have come that they will feel disappointed at taking only a point off their south-coast rivals.
Bournemouth remain sixth in the table while Southampton stay 16th, a point outside the relegation zone.
Southampton went into the game having scored just six Premier League goals this season but it was the hosts who produced a very scratchy performance, taking until the 73rd minute to produce their first attempt on target as Alex McCarthy saved comfortably from Nathan Ake's header.
Howe's men had a good chance inside two minutes as Adam Smith burst forward from left-back to take a return pass from Callum Wilson, but he fluffed his shot from six yards out.
Saints settled thereafter and had the best of the opening period with Austin wasting a great opportunity. The striker, on his return to Hughes' starting line-up, was put through on goal by Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg but, after shaking off Ake, he ran the ball out of play as he attempted to round Asmir Begovic.
On the hour mark, Joshua King had a good opening after substitute Junior Stanislas found Wilson with a cute reverse pass, but the Norway international fluffed his effort at the near post to sum up Bournemouth's attacking threat on the day.
Hughes sensed victory was there for the taking, replacing Austin and Danny Ings with Shane Long and Gabbiadini for the final 10 minutes. It was Long's knock-down from Cedric Soares' cross that should have been converted by Armstrong, but the winger produced a complete air-shot with Begovic bearing down on him.
Bournemouth were then very nearly made to pay for their lethargy in the third minute of stoppage time as Gabbiadini headed over from Nathan Redmond's cross with the goal at his mercy.
Mohamed Salah scored a hat-trick as Liverpool went to the top of the Premier League with a 4-0 win at Bournemouth.
Having not scored in three games, Salah gave Liverpool a controversial lead (25), converting from close range having been in an offside position as Asmir Begovic fumbled from Roberto Firmino's effort.
But there was nothing contentious about Salah's second (48), slotting into the far corner after Steve Cook had handed the ball to Liverpool high up the pitch, and Cook's day got worse as he put through his own net for the third (68).
Salah then got his third, rounding Begovic twice to coolly slot home (77), and the Reds remained top of the league at the end of the day as Chelsea ended Manchester City's unbeaten run with a 2-0 win at Stamford Bridge.
The win also means Liverpool matched their record of 17 Premier League games unbeaten, set in 2008.
Despite Liverpool dominating the early possession, Bournemouth forced Alisson into the first save as David Brooks saw his shot from a tight angle beaten away at the near post.
But Liverpool took the lead on 26 minutes as Firmino's dipping half-volley from the edge of the box proved too hot for Begovic to handle, squirming out for Salah to convert from close range. However, replays showed Salah was fractionally offside from Firmino's shot.
Outside of the box, Salah's touch was amiss for the first hour, but the Egyptian was back to his deadly best inside it. After Cook had given Firmino the ball on a plate on halfway, the Brazilian fed Salah, who stayed on his feet after a cynical Cook tackle before rolling it into the far corner.
Josh King, in for injured top scorer Callum Wilson, could have halved the deficit soon after, but didn't get his shot away from close range, seemingly expecting a challenge from Alisson.
Cook then turned into his own net midway through the second half, hooking Andy Robertson's left-wing cross behind him and beyond Begovic's grasp as the defender attempted to clear.
And Cook's day to forget was capped off late on as he struggled in a foot race with Salah, made a hash of his sliding clearance, and allowed last season's top scorer to round Begovic twice and poke home nonchalantly for his 10th league goal of the season.
Josh King scored but then later missed a penalty as Raul Jimenez's spot-kick salvaged a point for Wolves at Bournemouth on Saturday.
King opened the scoring with a 14th-minute penalty, before Jimenez levelled matters with his own successful spot-kick seven minutes from time.
However, the hosts passed up the opportunity to take all three points when King missed a late penalty in a feisty contest on the south coast that produced 25 fouls and 10 yellows.
As a result, Wolves stay eighth in the Premier League, while Bournemouth move up to 10th.
Roger East was a late change as referee at the Vitality, and the official was the centre of attention in the first half after giving one penalty and controversially refusing to award another.
The hosts took the lead when Mr East correctly decided that King had been tripped in the box by Joao Moutinho, with the Norway international doing the rest from the spot for his ninth league goal of the season.
However, Wolves will feel aggrieved they were not given the chance to draw level just six minutes later after the ball appeared to hit Chris Mepham's arm as the defender made a hash of trying to clear the ball for a corner.
The man who mattered most disagreed, although the visitors' protests were calmed when Mr East did point to the spot when Adam Smith - already on a yellow but not shown a second card - caught Matt Doherty in the box late on.
Jimenez nonchalantly rolled home the penalty for his 10th league goal of the campaign, only for Bournemouth to be given the opportunity to retake the lead just minutes later after Ivan Cavaleiro's trip on Ryan Fraser.
This time, however, King fired against the outside of the right-hand post, although with the foul having actually taken place just outside the box, Wolves will feel justice was done.
But they may not feel that was the case with Bournemouth midfielder Jefferson Lerma, who appeared fortunate to only be booked after his flying elbow left a furious Joao Moutinho with a bloodied face 20 minutes from time.
Marcus Rashford scored a stoppage-time winner as Manchester United came from behind to snatch a dramatic 2-1 victory at Bournemouth on Saturday.
The England international rifled home from close range two minutes into time added on as a remarkable late turnaround saw United overcame a resilient Bournemouth defensive display.
Bournemouth flew out of the traps and took a deserved lead on 11 minutes thanks to Callum Wilson's sixth goal of the season, but Anthony Martial's fifth goal in five hauled a lacklustre United level against the run of play on 35 minutes.
United laid siege to the Bournemouth goal in the second half but the resolute Cherries, typified by two incredible goal-saving blocks from Nathan Ake and David Brooks, looked to have secured Eddie Howe's men a point.
But Rashford struck in the closing stages to secure a victory that sees United move into seventh in the Premier League.
United were as awful as Bournemouth were brilliant in the opening half an hour. Unable to cope with the pace and power of the hosts, United were fortunate not to concede inside four minutes as Ryan Fraser fired a low effort straight at David de Gea, after being released by Wilson.
Brooks and Adam Smith linked up in the United area to set up Junior Stanislas on 11 minutes. He saw a shot deflect behind off Luke Shaw, but Bournemouth were not to be denied much longer.
After United had cleared the resulting corner, a brilliant through pass from Lewis Cook played Stanislas in behind the advanced Shaw and he crossed for Wilson to slot home.
The United goal lived an enchanted life as Bournemouth pushed for a deserved second. The lively Brooks glanced a header onto the roof of the net before De Gea was called into action to cut out Stanislas' curling strike on 23 minutes.
But United's first purposeful attack triggered a change in momentum. Martial darted in off the left flank on 33 minutes, cut the ball back to Fred and, although the Brazilian's effort was blocked by Ake, the visitors finally found a foothold.
The equaliser came just two minutes later as Ashley Young threaded Alexis Sanchez in behind the Bournemouth defence and his cutback was clinically dispatched by Martial.
Bournemouth re-emerged from the interval on the front foot as Brooks' deft back-heel drew a save from De Gea on 50 minutes, but United quickly grabbed the initiative in a dominant second-half display.
Asmir Begovic bailed Bournemouth out on three occasions in quick succession: preventing Martial from latching onto a lofted Juan Mata pass, thwarting Shaw's near-post drive and tipping a Sanchez header over the bar as United piled on the pressure before the hour.
Bournemouth's rearguard action reached new heights on 64 minutes, with Ake and Brooks brilliantly preventing Rashford and Paul Pogba from converting rebounds after Young struck the angle of post and bar with a sumptuous free-kick. 
But United's relentless pressure finally told as Pogba's cross found Rashford and he smashed the ball home two minutes into injury time, leaving Bournemouth with no time to respond.
David Brooks struck twice as Bournemouth eased to a 2-0 victory over 10-man Brighton at the Vitality Stadium.
The midfielder gave the hosts the lead after 21 minutes when he drove through the heart of the visitors' defence before unleashing a low shot past Albion 'keeper Mat Ryan into the left-hand corner of the goal.
Bournemouth goalkeeper Asmir Begovic was regularly called into action in the first half and pulled off brilliant saves from Yves Bissouma and Lewis Dunk to keep the home side in the lead going into the break.
The Cherries posed the bigger threat in the second 45 and, after Seagulls captain Dunk had been giving his marching order after picking up a second yellow card (73), a lovely, flighted header from Brooks (77) ensured the home crowd had plenty to cheer about.
Both sides took their time to settle into the match and it was Brighton who had the first chance of note when Bissouma made space for himself inside the box before unleashing a low strike to the left, which forced Begovic to palm the ball away to safety.
The hosts counter-punched and Callum Wilson's well-placed header just lacked enough pace to test Ryan but, less than five minutes later, Brighton's defenders were guilty of allowing Brooks too much space as he gave Bournemouth the lead.
Chris Hughton's side pressed for an equaliser, with Bissouma and Florin Andone continuing to look dangerous as they both went close, while Begovic was again called into action in spectacular fashion just before the break to divert Dunk's goal-bound header at full stretch.
Having spent much of the second half of the first 45 minutes under the cosh, Bournemouth posed more of an attacking threat following the break with Junior Stanislas, Charlie Daniels and Brooks all causing problems.
Brighton's abundance of crosses from the right were disappointingly poor as they failed to test Begovic - Solly March and Pascal Gross, in particular, guilty of not utilising the time and space being given to them.
Dunk earned a tame first caution when the defender and Bissouma combined to stop Brooks from pressing forward and a more cynical clip on Stanislas saw him pick up his second yellow with just over 15 minutes left.
Just four minutes later, the home side took advantage when substitute Ryan Fraser floated a lovely ball into the box and Brooks nodded the ball up and over Ryan to settle the contest into style.
The victory was just the second in Bournemouth's last eight Premier League matches, while Brighton slipped to their third consecutive league loss.
Bournemouth maintained their best start to a Premier League season with a 2-1 victory over Crystal Palace on Monday Night Football.
David Brooks opened the scoring with a peach of a left-footed strike (5) but Palace improved after the break and levelled through Patrick van Aanholt (55), despite him looking a yard offside.
The spoils looked set to be shared, but Junior Stanislas hit the winning goal from the penalty spot (86) after referee Mike Dean had spotted an elbow from Mamadou Sakho on Jefferson Lerma.
Eddie Howe's men are unbeaten in their last 12 Premier League games against teams outside the big-six.
The Londoners lacked a cutting edge in the final third as their tally of just five goals in their seven league matches will be a worry for Roy Hodgson moving forward.
Palace had kept clean sheets in their last three games in all competitions but it took the creative Bournemouth attackers just five minutes to open up the visitors.
Adam Smith sped down the left and crossed for Callum Wilson, who held the ball up before setting up Brooks. He hadn't scored from any of his 12 shots so far this season but buried this one into the top corner with a top-class strike - his first goal since joining for ?11.5million from Sheffield United.
After a lacklustre first-half showing, where they hardly tested Asmir Begovic, Palace responded by stepping up the intensity in their play and were level on 55 minutes.
Wilfried Zaha - quiet up until this point - found a clever pass to the galloping Van Aanholt, who looked half a yard offside. The flag stayed down though and the full-back sent a soaring right-footed strike into the net, which was his fifth goal in his last 11 appearances.
Neither team were settling for just a point and it was the hosts who produced the decisive, match-winning moment.
From a set-piece, Sakho stupidly raised an arm into the face of Lerma and Dean had no hesitation in pointing to the spot.
Substitute Stanislas had only been on the pitch for three minutes but he stayed cool to fire his team to all three points with his first touch.
Bournemouth ended a run of four straight Premier League defeats with a hard-fought 2-1 victory over Huddersfield at the Vitality Stadium.
Eddie Howe's side raced into an early lead with goals from Callum Wilson (5) and Ryan Fraser (22) but Huddersfield responded well, Terence Kongolo's header (38) pulling one back before the break.
Huddersfield pushed for an equaliser in the second half but they found Asmir Begovic, who kept Aaron Mooy's low drive out after making a number of smart saves before the break, in excellent form as the hosts held on for all three points.
Victory sees Bournemouth move above Everton, Manchester United and Leicester into sixth for 24 hours at least while Huddersfield stay 17th, one point above the relegation zone.
After consecutive defeats to Manchester United, Newcastle, Arsenal and Manchester City, Bournemouth were looking to avoid five consecutive league defeats for the first time since March 2013 when they were in League One.
They made a superb start as Wilson, who was played onside by Mathias Jorgensen, beat Huddersfield's offside trap in what was a tight decision to head home Fraser's free-kick in the fifth minute.
Wilson then turned provider in the 22nd minute, slipping the ball through for Fraser, who slid the ball under the onrushing Lossl to round off a slick counter-attack from the hosts.
Huddersfield responded well to Bournemouth's second and the hosts needed Asmir Begovic in top form as he made three excellent saves in quick succession to keep out Alex Pritchard's close-range effort, Laurent Depoitre's header and Mooy's free-kick.
Wagner's side finished the half the stronger of the two teams and they were eventually rewarded when Mooy's cross was headed on by Christopher Schindler and Jorgensen before Kongolo looped a header past Begovic.
Joshua King almost extended Bournemouth's advantage early in the second half, slicing wide from the edge of the penalty area, but Huddersfield were soon back in control as they searched for an equaliser.
The visitors dominated possession for long spells of the game but once again they were denied by Begovic, who kept out Mooy's low drive with his feet before the Australian saw a late effort from distance deflected wide as Bournemouth held on.
Bournemouth and Watford played out a 3-3 draw as four goals were scored in six frantic first-half minutes at the Vitality Stadium on Wednesday.
Troy Deeney's two goals gave Watford a commanding lead (14 & 27) before Bournemouth responded in quickfire fashion with goals from Nathan Ake (34) and Callum Wilson (37).
Seconds later, Ken Sema put Watford back in front again with a fine half-volley (38) before Ryan Fraser levelled the game with a composed finish (40) in an action-packed first half.
The result means Watford move up one place into eighth on 29 points. Bournemouth remain in 12th as their winless run stretches to three games.
Watford began the game confidently with Deeney scoring twice in the first half hour. The 30-year-old nodded in Sema's cross to put the visitors ahead before he curled in his fifth goal of the season 13 minutes later after Gerard Deulofeu capitalised on Dan Gosling's poor backpass looking for Ake.
Bournemouth then profited from two free-kicks. First, Ake turned in from close range after Gosling had seen his header from Fraser's set-piece saved at point-blank range by Foster.
Then, three minutes later and another free-kick, this time from the right, was finished by Wilson as he looped his header over Foster from a near-post position.
Both sides' defences descended into disarray when Sema put Watford back in front in stunning fashion. A long ball up from Foster was flicked forward by Deeney before Sema powered his half-volley past Asmir Begovic. Almost immediately from the restart, Fraser scored on the counter-attack and slotted his shot into the bottom corner.
The second half was a scrappy affair with Abdoulaye Doucoure substituted in the 54th minute having already received a yellow card for a dangerous first-half challenge on Fraser. And with Bournemouth on the front foot, Foster made a fine save to deny Wilson who powered a header on goal from close range.
As the hosts continued their pursuit for a fourth goal, Foster smothered a close-range shot from Josh King in the box after Craig Cathcart slipped over on the ball. The 35-year-old was called into action again two minutes later to deny Gosling, on his return to the starting XI, as Watford held on for a valuable point.
Two goals from Ryan Fraser, a Josh King penalty and an Adam Smith strike helped Bournemouth to a 4-2 win over 10-man Leicester.
Bournemouth scored three times in the opening 45 minutes with Fraser grabbing two (19 and 37) before King converted from the spot (41).
Smith grabbed a fourth for Bournemouth (81) after Wes Morgan was shown a second yellow card of the afternoon and there were late goals from James Maddison (88) and Marc Albrighton (89) to give Leicester a brief glimmer of hope, but defeat for the visitors is likely to raise questions again over the long-term future of Claude Puel.
The result means Bournemouth go up into fifth in the Premier League table. Leicester remain in ninth.
After a bright start from Leicester with the visitors looking more likely to open the scoring, it was Bournemouth who took a surprising lead in the 19th minute. As Leicester piled numbers forward, Josh King kick-started a counter-attack before he played through Fraser for the Scotland international's first goal of the afternoon.
Leicester missed two glorious chances to equalise shortly after the half-hour mark. Asmir Begovic first denied Jamie Vardy, who was clear on goal, before blocking Maddison's rebound onto the crossbar. Bournemouth made them pay moments later as Callum Wilson surged forward and played in the onrushing Fraser to calmly slot away his second.
The afternoon turned from bad to worse for Puel's side when Ricardo Pereira clumsily handled in his own box to hand Bournemouth a penalty. King stepped up and drilled his effort into the bottom corner to give Howe's men a remarkable first-half lead.
Leicester started the second half in encouraging fashion with Harry Maguire forcing Begovic into a smart, reflex save in the 62nd minute, but Leicester were then reduced to 10 men. After already making two quick challenges, Morgan lunged into Smith when going for the final ball which resulted in referee Craig Pawson handing him his second yellow.
Bournemouth capitalised on their man advantage to go four up with Fraser beating Pereira on the left flank before he squared for Smith to slot home. Even though Leicester were four down, they continued to fight and clawed back two late goals.
First, Maddison converted from the spot after Pereira was tripped up by Sergio Rico. Then, just a single minute later, Albrighton reduced the deficit further as he latched onto Kelechi Iheanacho's pinpoint cross with a fine header. But that was as good as it got for Leicester as Bournemouth claimed an impressive three points.
Ben Foster twice denied Jurgen Locadia in a game of few chances as Watford held Brighton to a 0-0 draw at the Amex Stadium.
Foster kept out a looping header from the Dutch forward before half-time and pulled off a superb save to keep the score goalless with time running out as Locadia aimed for the top corner with another aerial chance.
Watford defended stoutly but lacked imagination in attack, and failed to register a single shot on target across the 90 minutes.
Javi Gracia's side had Foster to thank once again in the final minutes when substitute Florin Andone raced through on goal, but was denied by a strong block from the visiting goalkeeper.
Brighton manager Chris Hughton gave the 11 who had started their 4-2 defeat at Fulham on Tuesday a chance to redeem themselves against Watford, but they rarely looked like clicking into gear on the home soil where they have performed so well.
It took some 40 minutes for the first shot on target to arrive from either side, when Pascal Gross' cross from the right was headed back across goal by Locadia, but was palmed behind acrobatically by Foster.
After half-time, Watford briefly looked like taking control when Will Hughes' shot, which was going wide, was held by Mat Ryan, before Ken Sema could not keep a header down from six yards out.
But Brighton had the better of the final half hour in an attritional performance with Locadia again testing Foster, who leapt to his right to keep out another header which looked to be just creeping in under the bar.
In the final minutes, Brighton nearly forced an opener when Solly March's ball over the top found Andone, but Foster was quick off his line to spread himself and keep out his effort from the edge of the area.
Jurgen Locadia's instinctive 59th-minute strike was enough to seal a hard-fought 1-0 victory for Brighton against Everton at the AMEX Stadium.
The Dutchman had scored just once in his first 18 appearances for the Seagulls, but his second goal in as many games was enough to end a four-match winless run for the hosts.
Everton struck the woodwork on two occasions as Richarlison and Kurt Zouma were both denied as they searched for an equaliser in the second period.
The result consolidates Brighton's position in 13th, but they are just two points off Everton in 10th. It was the perfect gift for manager Chris Hughton, two days shy of celebrating his fourth anniversary in charge of Brighton.
The hosts were without a win since beating Crystal Palace at the start of the month, and they rode their luck at times to deny an Everton side that failed to sparkle as they had in beating Burnley 5-1 on Boxing Day.
Jordan Pickford did well to punch clear under pressure from Florin Andone after an inviting low cross from Pascal Gross before Yerry Mina blocked Locadia's follow-up in Brighton's only chance of the first half.
Everton lacked a cutting edge after failing to capitalise on a mistake by David Button on his first Premier League start, with the goalkeeper spilling Theo Walcott's cross but Richarlison could not take advantage, with Shane Duffy clearing his shot off the line.
Moments later, an error from Duffy allowed the lively Richarlison to run through on goal, but his shot was parried by Button before Seamus Coleman's rebound was blocked by Lewis Dunk.
The interval came at a good time for Brighton, who re-emerged with far greater energy and penetration. A sharp turn from Davy Propper resulted in Zouma being forced into a last-ditch tackle on Andone.
Pickford was then forced into a smart save to deny Andone with a close-range header from Gross' cross, but he was powerless to keep the ball out from Brighton's next corner.
Gross' delivery was inadvertently directed into the path of Locadia by Andre Gomes, and the former PSV Eindhoven striker swivelled to shoot past the England goalkeeper. Referee Andrew Madley initially ruled the goal out for offside, but after consulting his assistant, the correct decision was made.
Everton immediately came within inches of an equaliser as Richarlison's shot went through the legs of Bernardo, but was brilliantly tipped onto the post by Button.
Silva introduced Gylfi Sigurdsson and the Iceland midfielder's free-kick with three minutes remaining found Zouma, but the Chelsea loanee could only crash his header against the crossbar as Brighton stood firm.
Glenn Murray scored the only goal of the game as Brighton leapfrogged West Ham with a 1-0 win at the Amex on Friday.
Murray made the breakthrough in the 25th-minute lead with his fifth Premier League goal of the season, and 99th in total for Brighton.
Chris Hughton's side then held on to record a much-needed victory that sees them move up to 12th in the table, while West Ham fall to 15th after a fifth defeat in eight league matches this season.
Manuel Pellegrini's team arrived on the south coast full of confidence after beating Manchester United 3-1 last time out, and that showed in the early exchanges as the in-form Marko Arnautovic went close after a cleverly worked free-kick.
However, it was Brighton who opened the scoring when Andriy Yarmolenko carelessly lost possession on halfway, allowing Beram Kayal to scamper free down the left wing. From the Israeli's cross, the unmarked Murray side-footed home his sixth goal in his last four games against West Ham.
The home team comfortably held that advantage until half-time, but it was a different West Ham who came out after the interval as they looked to build on their recent good form against opponents intent on defending their slender lead.
Just before the hour-mark, Paraguay centre-back Fabian Balbuena somehow glanced Felipe Anderson's left-wing corner inches wide of the far post, although despite all the visitors' possession, it was actually Brighton who then came closest to grabbing the next goal.
For once, though, that man Murray's radar malfunctioned as the 35-year-old twice headed over when well placed.
However, despite Arnautovic firing over from five yards out late on, the hosts held on after recording a first clean sheet of the season.
Glenn Murray was Brighton's match-winner again as his second-half strike saw his side beat Wolves 1-0 at the Amex on Saturday.
The veteran striker, 35, was in the right place at the right time to side-foot home his 100th goal for the club three minutes after the break.
That was enough to move Brighton up to 11th after a third straight Premier League win for the first time - and the first time in the top flight since 1981 - while Wolves stay ninth in the table following a second defeat in a row.
In a cagey first half, it was the visitors who dominated proceedings, with Matt Doherty a willing runner down the right. And the wing back really should have opened the scoring just past the half-hour mark after a neat one-two with Raul Jimenez on the edge of the area, only to place his shot just past the post.
However, despite all their possession, it was Brighton who nearly went in ahead at the interval, only for Shane Duffy to somehow miss the target after being picked out at the far post by Solly March's right-wing corner.
But that miss was soon forgotten as the home team took the lead right at the start of the second period, with who else but Murray the man to make the breakthrough.
Murray, who was a doubt for the game after suffering concussion at St James' Park last weekend, was involved in the build-up to the home team's winner after flicking the ball on for the marauding Bruno.
The Brighton skipper came charging into the area and there was the unmarked Murray to convert at the far post for his sixth league goal of the season, more than any English forward.
However, Chris Hughton's team were still grateful for a brilliant reflex save by Mat Ryan in stoppage time to keep out Ryan Bennett's close-range strike, meaning Brighton had recorded a third successive top-flight clean sheet for the first time in the club's history.
Brighton ended a three-game losing run as they fought back to claim a 1-1 draw with Arsenal at the Amex Stadium.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang put the Gunners ahead in the seventh minute with his 13th Premier League goal of the season.
But, after Mat Ryan made a sharp save to prevent Aubameyang from making it 2-0, Brighton levelled in the 35th minute when Arsenal failed to deal with a long pass over the top and Jurgen Locadia scored.
Arsenal's level dropped in the second half but Brighton were unable to take advantage, with Solly March and Locadia spurning their best chances.
Brighton beat Arsenal 2-1 at the Amex last season but a repeat looked unlikely in the opening 30 minutes as the Gunners made a fast start.
Ryan tipped over a lob from Aubameyang in the fourth minute before Brighton failed to clear their lines and Aubameyang finished with a curling first-time shot from inside the box.
Brighton struggled to settle into the game and when they did get the ball in the net it was ruled out as Glenn Murray had kicked the ball out of Bernd Leno's hands.
Ryan then made a fantastic save to deny Aubameyang before Brighton levelled after an Arsenal corner.
Propper's long pass was flicked backwards by Stephan Lichtsteiner and Locadia nipped ahead of Leno and then finished into the empty net.
Mesut Ozil was taken off at half-time but that did not appear to benefit Arsenal as they were unable to regain their early control of the game.
Brighton had the better chances as Propper twice went close before March lobbed an effort over the bar from the edge of the box and then Locadia dragged a shot wide.
Arsenal applied pressure late in the game but the closest they came was when a clearance deflected off Alex Iwobi and spun past the post.
Substitute Jamie Vardys late penalty saved a point for Leicester as they overcame James Maddisons first-half red card to draw 1-1 at Brighton.
Glenn Murray's seventh Premier League goal of the season, on his 100th top-flight appearance, looked set for so long to give the hosts their third 1-0 home win of the campaign.
But after Maddison's dismissal for two avoidable yellow cards, the introduction of Vardy changed the game and his strike 11 minutes from the end ensured a fair final result.
Leicester are now unbeaten in four matches, while Brighton have at least ended a run of two successive defeats.
Chris Hughton's side tested Leicester early on through Beram Kayal, whose tenacity and invention drew a decent Kasper Schmeichel save from just inside the area.
Brighton's early possession paid off moments later, with Murray nodding in a simple opener after 15 minutes from Anthony Knockaert's corner ahead of Ben Chilwell and Shinji Okazaki.
The away side's task soon became harder, with Maddison's booking for a clip of Knockaert's heels followed by another three minutes later for simulation under Shane Duffy's challenge.
With Leicester lacking a spark, Vardy was introduced in the early stages of the second half and swiftly gave them it as they suddenly displayed much more appetite in attack.
Although chances were at a premium, their increased pressure eventually paid off 11 minutes from the end.
Kayal survived suggestions of handball as he blocked Jonny Evans but in the aftermath, he took out Kelechi Iheanacho in the penalty area - with Vardy passing high into the net from the spot.
Chelsea continued their fine record against Brighton with a 2-1 victory at the Amex Stadium to stay in touch at the top of the Premier League.
First-half goals from Pedro (17) and Eden Hazard (33), who suffered a late injury scare, sent Maurizio Sarri's side on their way to victory but Solly March pulled one back for the hosts in the 66th minute to set up a nervy finish.
Chelsea, who were forced to take Hazard off after he was caught on the ankle by Dale Stephens' late challenge, held on for all three points to stay fourth, eight points behind league leaders Liverpool.
Meanwhile, Brighton, who stay 13th in the league, are still looking for their first win over Chelsea in any competition since January, 1933.
Hazard was at the heart of Chelsea's brilliant first-half performance. He produced his fourth assist in as many Premier League games in the 17th minute, producing an exquisite pass across the face of goal to hand Pedro the easiest of finishes at the far post.
Chelsea looked to be in full control but Sarri, who warned his side against complacency when they threw away a lead to lose at Wolves, wouldn't have been happy when Mateo Kovacic's pass across the face of goal gifted possession to March. The Brighton midfielder hit the target from 25 yards but the effort had nowhere near enough power to trouble Kepa Arrizabalaga.
Hazard, who ended a seven-match league run without a goal, then got on the scoresheet, scoring his eighth of the season to double the visitors' advantage. Leon Balogun gifted possession to Willian, whose pass released Hazard and he made no mistake, wrong-footing Mat Ryan to pick out the bottom corner.
Marcos Alonso nearly made the points safe in the 63rd minute, striking a superb 20-yard effort against the post.
But March then set up a tense finish at the Amex, popping up in the penalty area to hook home Bernardo's knockdown.
The visitors, who were forced to take off Hazard after he picked up an ankle knock following Stephens' late tackle, had a scare late on when Alonso hauled down March just outside the penalty area, but the Spain international escaped with a booking, with David Luiz adjudged to have been in position to cover.
March got back to his feet to strike the resultant free-kick high over the crossbar as Chelsea held on for victory.
Harry Kane ended his mini goal drought to help Tottenham earn a much-needed 2-1 win over Brighton at the Amex Stadium.
After four games without scoring for club and country, Kane gave Spurs the lead from the penalty spot (42) after Glenn Murray had handled while blocking a free-kick.
Despite Brighton finding their rhythm second half, substitute Erik Lamela made it 2-0 with a fine sweeping finish (76) after starting a move from deep, before Anthony Knockaert made for a nervy ending with a fine finish in stoppage time (90+3).
After three straight defeats, the win leaves Spurs in fifth, while Brighton are seven points behind in 13th as they lost at home in the league for the first time since March.
Mat Ryan was forced into a fine reflex save early on from point-blank range as Toby Alderweireld's header deflected off Gaetan Bong, and though Spurs had 79 per cent of the ball first half, they did not make it count until the closing stages.
Kieran Trippier's free-kick was blocked by Murray's hand in the wall, a superb spot from referee Chris Kavanagh and his team, allowing Kane to step up and send Ryan the wrong way.
Christian Eriksen's long-range effort went just wide after the break, but Brighton eventually got going, and should have scored when Knockaert's weak shot from eight yards was collected by Paulo Gazzaniga after Beram Kayal had found him.
But Spurs made it 2-0 with a superb move as Lamela broke free to feed Lucas Moura on the left, who in turn slipped in Danny Rose down the left flank. Lamela continued his run into the box, and latched onto Rose's centre to sweep home from 12 yards.
Kane shrugged off talk of fatigue by playing all 90 minutes on the south coast, and nearly netted again late on as he piled into the box only for Ryan to save when one-on-one.
Knockaert's fine finish cutting in from the right on his left foot created a nervous end, before Gazzaniga saved and held well from the same man's 20-yard effort a moment later.
Chris Wood scored twice as Burnley extended their unbeaten Premier League run to seven matches with a 3-1 victory over Brighton.
Wood took advantage of Lewis Dunk's slip to open the scoring in the 26th minute before making it 2-0 on the hour mark.
Ashley Barnes converted a penalty in the 74th minute moments after Brighton had been denied a spot-kick of their own for handball.
Shane Duffy headed home a quick response but it was only a consolation as Brighton's winless run continued.
Chris Hughton's side have not won in the league this year and are now level on points with Burnley, with both sides three points above the relegation zone.
Brighton made a positive start as Tom Heaton kept out efforts from Solly March and Pascal Gross.
Burnley then hit the bar twice in quick succession as Dwight McNeil's cross was deflected onto the woodwork and Barnes headed the rebound onto the top of the bar from eight yards out.
Heaton made a sharp one-handed save to keep out a shot from March before Burnley took the lead in the 26th minute.
Dunk's slip presented Wood with a one-on-one chance and the striker made no mistake as he finished high into the net.
Brighton finished the half strongly as Duffy's header was blocked on the line by Jeff Hendrick.
The hosts also came out positively after half-time, only for Wood to made it 2-0 when McNeil broke through midfield and teed up the striker to finish into the bottom corner.
Mat Ryan was dismayed not to keep out the shot and there was further frustration to come for Brighton. The referee waved away appeals for a Brighton penalty in the 73rd minute when the ball hit Hendrick's arm in the box, but then pointed to the spot as Burnley countered and Barnes was fouled by Ryan.
Barnes converted the spot-kick and Burnley held out for victory despite Duffy heading home in the 76th minute.
Brighton came from two goals down to draw 2-2 with Fulham thanks to Glenn Murray's double in an entertaining encounter at the Amex Stadium.
Pascal Gross saw a penalty brilliantly saved by Marcus Bettinelli in the first half (25), and Fulham compounded the hosts' misery as Andre Schurrle scored his second in two games from a superb Jean Michael Seri assist (43).
Fulham got a second as Aleksandar Mitrovic tucked away a rebound (62) for his fourth of the season, but Brighton halved the deficit through Murray just five minutes later as the hosts broke (67).
Mitrovic went from hero to zero in the other box, handling to give Brighton a penalty, which Murray buried to level things up (84).
The result means Fulham and Brighton stay level on four points in 11th and 12th respectively, with one win in four games each.
Brighton pressed early on, and won a penalty midway through the first half after Murray was clipped by Luciano Vietto. Gross struck it well, but Bettinelli tipped the ball away low to his right.
Murray glanced a header inches wide from the resulting corner before Fulham took the lead through summer signing Schurrle, getting on the end of Seri's lifted through ball to swivel and hook past Mat Ryan from six yards.
Solly March missed a golden chance to level after the break, slamming over the bar when one-on-one and Mitrovic made him pay at the other end.
Wrestling to win the ball out wide, the Serb saw his low shot saved well by Ryan, but he duly tucked away the rebound, meaning he has scored more goals in English league football than any other player since his Fulham debut in February (16).
Brighton were soon back in it as Murray tucked under Bettinelli from Anthony Knockaert's unselfish pass after Fulham left too many players up the pitch, changing the mood inside the Amex.
They sensed an equaliser and got it with six minutes remaining when Mitrovic controlled a dropping ball with his arm and Murray stepped up to slam into the top right corner from the spot.
Sub Ryan Sessegnon nearly poked home a winner for the visitors, but Ryan got down well to thwart him as the points were shared.
Three goals in an incident-packed first half handed 10-man Brighton a 3-1 victory over rivals Crystal Palace at the Amex Stadium on Tuesday.
Glenn Murray fired the Seagulls ahead against his former club from the penalty spot on 24 minutes but that positive start was undone within four minutes by Shane Duffy's dismissal for a head-butt on Patrick van Aanholt.
But Leon Balogun, introduced to shore up the Brighton defence, doubled their lead with his first touch 25 seconds after coming on, before another substitute, Murray's replacement Florin Andone, made it three in first-half stoppage time.
Luka Milivojevic pulled one back from the penalty spot on 81 minutes but it was too little, too late for Palace, who failed to lay a glove on the 10 men of Brighton.
The victory lifts Chris Hughton's side up to 10th in the Premier League, nine points and five places clear of Palace, who drop to 15th.
Palace could not live with Brighton's intensity in the opening exchanges but created the first opening as Van Aanholt's cutback found Andros Townsend in the area, but he guided a header wide at the near post.
Brighton were contentiously awarded a penalty when referee Kevin Friend adjudged James McArthur to have tripped Jose Izquierdo. Replays showed the Palace midfielder made contact with the ball before the man, but the decision stood as Murray rifled his eighth goal of the season off the underside of the bar from 12 yards.
Murray was on the receiving end of a James Tomkins shoulder barge three minutes later. Referee Friend opted against pointing to the spot for the second time but, in the ensuing melee between the protesting players, he saw Duffy launch his head into the face of Van Aanholt, and showed no hesitation brandishing the red card.
Hughton sacrificed Pascal Gross as Balogun entered the fray but it proved to be an inspired substitution as the centre-back's rifled volley doubled Brighton's lead. Murray succumbed to the shoulder injury he sustained from Tomkins' shoulder barge and Palace nearly compounded their misery as a Milivojevic shot was cleared off the line by Bernardo.
But Brighton stunned Palace in the fourth minute of time added on as Murray's replacement Andone chased a long ball, capitalised on hesitancy from Wayne Hennessey and a slip from Tomkins to rifle the 10 men into a three-goal lead with his second goal for the club.
With a man advantage and a three-goal deficit to overturn, the onus was on Palace to get back into the game against a Brighton outfit content attacking on the counter.
But few chances came their way and by the time Milivojevic had converted a penalty after Balogun brought Wilfried Zaha down in the area, the game was already out of reach for Palace.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as 10-man Manchester United returned to winning ways with a 2-0 victory over Burnley at Turf Moor.
United looked on course for a routine victory when Lukaku headed them ahead on 27 minutes and doubled their tally with a close-range second a minute before half-time.
But after Paul Pogba had a second-half penalty saved by Joe Hart, United had to play the final 19 minutes a man down when Marcus Rashford was shown a straight red card for head-butting Phil Bardsley.
However, three days on from their agonising Europa League exit against Olympiakos, Burnley showed little sign of mounting a late comeback, Sam Vokes' header stoppage-time header all the Clarets could muster by way of a response.
Instead, United ground out the win - which lifts them to 10th in the table - to ease the pressure on beleaguered manager Jose Mourinho. Burnley remain second from bottom after their third successive defeat.
United's fluid front three of Lukaku, Alexis Sanchez and Jesse Lingard tormented Burnley in the opening exchanges, with the fleet-footed England international creating two clear opening inside 10 minutes.
With barely two minutes on the clock, Lingard wriggled clear of the Clarets centre-backs but flashed a shot wide of the post - eight minutes later he curled an effort from the edge of the box over.
Lingard remained a threat but it was his strike partners that combined for United's opener as Sanchez was allowed to pick out Lukaku with a cross from the left, and the Belgium international headed his second goal of the season beyond Hart from six yards.
It was no more than United deserved and they could have had a second had it not been for Hart, who raced off his line to smother Lukaku on 36 minutes - but it was not long until the Burnley goalkeeper's defences were breached again.
Lingard was involved again as his shot ricocheted around the Burnley area, striking Ben Mee and the head of Ashley Westwood before falling perfectly for the lurking Lukaku, who slotted home to double United's lead on 44 minutes.
With United meandering to victory, the game burst into life on 68 minutes as substitute Rashford drew a foul from Aaron Lennon in the area, but Pogba's penalty after his now-trademark run-up was parried away by Hart.
Things took a turn for the worse for United three minutes later when Rashford was given his marching orders by referee Jon Moss for reacting angrily to a Bardsley tackle and throwing his head into the face of the Burnley defender.
But despite Burnley's best effort, United had a measure of control despite falling down to 10 men and saw out the victory with relative ease, Vokes' glancing header the closest the Clarets came to reducing the arrears.
Chelsea moved second and to within two points of Premier League leaders Liverpool with a commanding 4-0 win over Burnley at Turf Moor.
Alvaro Morata's first-half strike was followed by fine long-range efforts from Ross Barkley and Willian after the break before Ruben Loftus-Cheek completed his productive week with a late goal to ensure Maurizio Sarri became the first Chelsea manager to go unbeaten in his first 10 Premier League games.
Morata might have had a hat-trick in the opening 45 minutes, but was denied by two excellent Joe Hart saves, while Willian also hit a post in an eye-catching away performance by the Londoners, who were without the injured Eden Hazard.
Burnley rarely threatened after a bright opening 10 minutes which saw the returning Robbie Brady volley just wide and they remain on nine points, just three clear of the relegation zone.
Chelsea looked set for a tough day in the Lancashire sunshine as Burnley snapped into tackles and pegged back their visitors, but Sarri's side warmed to their task and after Hart had leapt to tip Morata's instinctive header wide, Willian then bent a shot onto the post.
Moments later Chelsea were ahead, as N'Golo Kante fed Barkley, the England midfielder's super touch releasing Morata (22) into the box and his cool finish left Hart with no chance for his fourth goal of the season.
James Tarkowski then headed over from eight yards as Burnley sought an immediate response, but it was Chelsea who continued to dominate despite losing Pedro to injury on 30 minutes - the Spaniard replaced by Loftus-Cheek.
Hart was then forced into a second superb save - charging out to deny Morata after Jorginho's exquisite chip had beaten the offside trap - but he could do nothing about Barkley's 25-yard strike - the midfielder driving forwards and drilling home with his left foot on 57 minutes.
Willian added a third five minutes later, cutting inside and bending a shot past Hart into the corner, although it looked to take a nick off a defender's knee on the way through.
And Chelsea saw the game out in style - with Hart making his third world-class save to tip Olivier Giroud's header onto the post before Loftus-Cheek added to his Europa League hat-trick with a bundled finish in added time.
Burnley ended an eight-game winless run with a 1-0 victory against Brighton in the Premier League, taking them out of the relegation places.
The Clarets had not won in over two months heading into Saturday's game - last beating Cardiff on September 30 - but ground out a vital victory at a wet and windy Turf Moor.
James Tarkowski turned home a Jack Cork shot with his midriff in the 40th minute to lift Burnley into 17th place on 12 points - two ahead of Huddersfield in 18th.
For Brighton, they slip down a place in 11th and their own three-game unbeaten streak comes to an end.
The opening half an hour was a tepid affair, with Burnley have the first shot of the game on the 30-minute mark. Johann Berg Gudmundsson's cross picked out Robbie Brady at the top of the box. He hit the ball first time, but his connection was not the best as it flew over the top of the crossbar.
Five minutes later and Brighton goalkeeper Mat Ryan was forced into two good saves. Brady's ball into the area was controlled well by the chest of Ashley Barnes, who then tapped it into the path of Chris Wood. However, his shot at the post was saved well by Ryan. He was down low again not long after to collect a Brady shot that fizzed through a packed box.
Burnley took advantage of their pressure in the 40th minute, although it was a scrappy affair. Gudmundsson put a cross into the area after a cleared free-kick, picking out Ben Mee on the left. His ball forward was cleared by a Ryan punch, with the rebound falling to Cork. He struck and the effort was turned home by the midriff of Tarkowski to see the hosts ahead.
Eight minutes after the restart, and Burnley had a penalty appeal turned down. Yves Bissouma tried to clear a Ryan pass with a high boot as Phil Bardsley came in to meet the ball with his head. The Burnley defender went to ground, apparently being caught, although Bissouma did get to the ball first as Martin Atkinson waved away the claims with Burnley now going 58 Premier League games without being awarded a penalty.
Tarkowski nearly scored another in the 62nd minute after a brilliant corner delivery from Gudmundsson and although the defender rose highest to meet it, the ball just whistled past the back post.
Brighton could have snatched a point with seven minutes of normal time to play as they pummelled the Burnley box. Glenn Murray lofted a superb ball into the box to meet the run of Jurgen Locadia, but he put his header over the crossbar from just inside the six-yard box as the hosts saw out the important victory.
Huddersfield are still searching for a Premier League win after a 1-1 draw with Burnley at Turf Moor on Saturday.
On the back of successive league wins, Sam Vokes' superb header put Burnley ahead against the run of play (20), but Huddersfield were level with a header of their own through Christopher Schindler (66).
It was Huddersfield's first goal from open play this season, but they couldn't find a winner despite having the better of play, and remain 18th, without a win this season.
The result leaves Burnley 12th, five points above the drop zone.
Huddersfield had the majority of the ball and the chances in the first half; Jonathan Hogg blazed over in space on the half volley, James Tarkowski did superbly to block from Laurent Depoitre, but Burnley made them pay on 20 minutes.
Picking the ball up on the right, Johann Gudmundsson delivered a fine cross to the back post for Vokes, who did well to direct a header back across goal and past Jonas Lossl from 10 yards.
Aaron Mooy forced a good save out of Joe Hart from range after the break, before Vokes' flick from Gudmundsson's mis-hit was gratefully collected by Lossl at the other end, but it was Huddersfield who got the goal their pressure deserved.
Latching onto Chris Lowe's deep cross into a crowd of players, Schindler rose highest to glance a fine header past Hart into the far corner from 10 yards.
Huddersfield had 68 per cent of possession and 10 corners to Burnley's one, but struggled in the final third against the hosts, who were booed off at full time.
Ashley Barnes scored a stoppage-time penalty as Burnley went unbeaten for a sixth game in the league with an entertaining 1-1 draw with Southampton.
Danny Ings wasted a great chance in the opening minutes before being forced off with an injury, while Barnes was enraged when denied a penalty on the half-hour mark.
Nathan Redmond finally opened the scoring with a wonderful long-rage effort in the 55th minute, but Southampton were unable to hold on to their lead as a dominant Burnley equalised when Barnes scored a penalty in the fourth minute of added time.
The best chance of a competitive first half came when Matthew Targett played Ings through on goal. Ings, under pressure by Ben Mee, managed a shot on target but could only poke at the chest of Burnley keeper Tom Heaton.
Ings was then forced off on 26 minutes, taking the spring out of Southampton's steps and allowing Burnley the better chances as the first half drew to a close.
Barnes was furious to be denied a penalty when brought down by Alex McCarthy in the box, prompting the striker to scream at the linesman and receive a booking.
Phil Bardsley cleared a Stuart Armstrong header off the line early in the second half, as Saints pushed for an opener.
They were rewarded when Jan Bednarek found Redmond 30 yards out who drove at a Burnley defence before striking the ball beyond Heaton from outside the box.
Saints sat back following their excellent opener, and Burnley responded by bringing on Deadline Day signing Peter Crouch. Burnley then went close with Barnes firing a shot against the bar before Crouch was influential in winning the late penalty that Barnes duly dispatched.
The result means that both sides keep their unbeaten runs, but failed to put more space between themselves and the relegation zone
Newcastle ended their abysmal Monday Night Football losing streak with a 2-1 victory over Burnley at Turf Moor.
The Magpies had not tasted victory on Monday night on Sky Sports since 2012 but a Ben Mee own goal and Ciaran Clark header inside the opening 23 minutes set them on their way to victory.
After Sam Vokes halved the deficit before half-time with a 16-yard header, Newcastle spurned two glorious chances to restore their two-goal lead as Matt Ritchie produced a miss-of-the-season contender before substitute Joselu struck the post.
But Newcastle withstood a late onslaught to secure a third consecutive victory - their first away from home since April 7 - that lifts them up to 13th in the table, four points clear of the relegation zone, while Burnley remain 17th, a point above the bottom three.
Kick-off at Turf Moor was delayed by 30 minutes after the referee's assessor collapsed in the players' tunnel. Eddie Wolstenholme was taken to hospital conscious, but referee Anthony Taylor and the two clubs decided to delay the start after the emergency.
When the two sides eventually emerged it was Newcastle that dealt with the setback better as they raced into an early lead, Federico Fernandez's curling strike from the edge of the area looping over Joe Hart via an unfortunate deflection off Mee.
Burnley reacted well to falling behind as Chris Wood registered their first shot on target with a swerving effort from distance that was saved by the face of Martin Dubravka.
Newcastle doubled their advantage a minute later when Ritchie's whipped cross from a well-worked short corner was glanced in by Clark after 23 minutes.
Kenedy lashed a shot wide from the edge of the box as Newcastle looked the greater threat in front of goal, but a moment of brilliance saw Burnley end a testing half on a high. Mee's long diagonal was met with force on the edge of the area by Vokes who looped a header over the poorly positioned Dubravka to half the deficit.
A frantic finale ensued as another long ball forward was knocked down by Vokes into the path of strike partner Wood, who saw a powerful near-post drive tipped over by Dubravka as Newcastle clung onto the lead.
Newcastle should have restored their two-goal lead within four minutes of the restart when DeAndre Yedlin pounced on a loose ball and poked a cross towards Ritchie, via Hart's fingertips, at the back post but the midfielder inexcusably missed the open goal from two yards to let Burnley off the hook.
Wood should have punished Ritchie's howler but failed to convert three presentable chances as he shot straight at Dubravka, was denied by a last-gasp Yedlin block and blazed an Aaron Lennon cross over from 12 yards during seven frenetic second-half minutes.
Newcastle failed to put the game to bed on 80 minutes as a flowing counter released Joselu, who saw a shot cannon off the frame of the Burnley goal, but it proved immaterial as Vokes headed over in stoppage-time as the Clarets' last chance to snatch a point evaporated.
Lucas Digne scored twice as Everton secured their first win in six Premier League games by thumping Burnley 5-1 at Turf Moor.
Marco Silva's side responded emphatically to their 6-2 defeat to Tottenham on Sunday, with Yerry Mina's header giving them the perfect start (3), before Digne stretched their lead with a fine free-kick (13).
Gylfi Sigurdsson made it 3-0 from the spot in the 22nd minute, after Ben Mee was adjudged to have handled inside the box, before Ben Gibson pulled a goal back for the hosts from close range eight minutes before half-time.
But Everton quelled the fightback and re-established their three-goal cushion in the 71st minute when the impressive Digne fired past Joe Hart from 25 yards - and there was still time for substitute Richarlison to add a fifth in stoppage time (90+3).
It is only the third time that Everton have scored five goals in an away Premier League game and the first time since a 5-2 win at Sheffield Wednesday in April 1996. The win moves the Toffees back up to eighth in the table, while Burnley remain 18th, three points adrift of safety.
Burnley did the double over Everton as they achieved a seventh-placed finish last season, but those days seem a long time ago now with pressure mounting on manager Sean Dyche.
His side went behind after more slack defending inside three minutes as Yerry Mina - on his return to the Everton side having missed the defeat to Tottenham - rose unmarked to head in Bernard's cross.
If the first goal was avoidable, there was very little Hart could do about Everton's second as, after Dominic Calvert-Lewin had been unceremoniously brought down by Jack Cork, Digne brilliantly lifted his 25-yard free-kick over the wall and beyond the fingertips of the former England goalkeeper.
Everton were clearly intent on making a statement three days after that Spurs humbling, but they were gifted the opportunity of stretching their lead when Mee inexplicably lifted his hand to take the ball off Mina's head just nine minutes later.
Referee Michael Oliver did not hesitate in pointing to the spot, and Sigurdsson - who had already missed two penalties this season against Fulham and Watford - sent Hart the wrong way to notch his ninth goal of the campaign.
Burnley were in need of a response before half-time and it duly arrived when Gibson, on his first Premier League start since joining from Middlesbrough last summer, directed the ball over the line from close range after Michael Keane had initially kept James Tarkowski's header out on the goal line.
But that was as good as it got for Burnley, as Digne's well-struck shot from Bernard's pass ended any hopes of a comeback, and Richarlison heaped more misery on Dyche with virtually the final kick of the game as he received Sigurdsson's pass to poke his shot low into the net beyond Hart.
First-half goals from Chris Wood and Dwight McNeil gave Burnley a surprise 2-0 win over West Ham at Turf Moor.
Burnley, who had lost six of their last seven league games, dominated the opening 45 minutes and went ahead when Ashley Barnes' flick-on found Wood, whose powerful near-post shot beat Lukasz Fabianski (15).
McNeil then grabbed his first professional goal, sliding in to score at the far post (34) when Ashley Westwood returned Issa Diop's poor clearance into the box.
After half-time, Barnes and Wood both missed marvellous chances to increase Burnley's advantage before Tom Heaton pulled off a stunning late save to deny substitute Andy Carroll, and leave the hosts inside the Premier League relegation zone only on goal difference.
Burnley made it clear they were over their 5-1 hammering by Everton on Boxing Day immediately from kick-off - and inside 90 seconds, Barnes sidefooted a great chance wide of the near post from McNeil's cross.
West Ham were surprisingly sluggish and were deservedly put to the sword by Wood with 15 minutes gone through a brilliant counter-attacking move. Westwood's long ball from midfield was nodded on by Barnes, and with Diop out of position, Wood slipped in to receive the ball and fire in the opener.
Burnley's dominance looked fragile without further goals, but 10 minutes before half-time they added a second courtesy of some calamitous defending.
West Ham failed to clear two crosses in quick succession before a third was scuffed away by Diop to Westwood, who curled it back into the box and McNeil slid in at the far post for his first Burnley goal.
A pair of half-time changes gave the visitors a little more bite in attack, but their defensive woes did not improve, and Barnes was guilty of another big miss when he fired wide moments after the restart.
Barnes went closer when he turned Wood's cross goalwards from close-range but Fabianski dived well to keep his effort out.
The goalkeeper showed quick reactions again soon afterwards to race off his line with Wood clean through on goal, and the striker's rushed miss owed everything to his presence of mind.
At the other end West Ham put Burnley's box under increased pressure in the second half but Heaton's only save of note came in the final minutes, albeit a crucial one.
Carroll looked certain to halve the deficit when he headed Aaron Cresswell's ball back towards the near post, until Heaton stuck out a strong hand to deny the forward from point-blank range.
While Burnley were left celebrating a much-needed win at the full-time whistle, West Ham were busy ruing a missed opportunity which could have taken them seventh in the Premier League but instead sees them end 2018 in 11th.
Goals from Matej Vydra, Aaron Lennon and a late double by substitute Ashley Barnes earned Burnley a comprehensive 4-0 win over Bournemouth at Turf Moor to seal their first Premier League victory of the season.
Vydra, making his first start for the club, capped it with the opening goal of the game with a clinical finish after 39 minutes before Lennon doubled Burnley's advantage just 125 seconds later.
Bournemouth dominated for large periods in the second half but they were impotent in attack and Burnley picked them off with two goals from Barnes on the counter-attack in the final 10 minutes.
The result sees Sean Dyche's side move off the foot of the table while Bournemouth's good run of form has come to an emphatic end.
Bournemouth went closest to opening the scoring when Nathan Ake's shot deflected off Ben Mee and looped over Joe Hart onto the crossbar just past the quarter-hour mark. They had another golden chance to break the deadlock soon afterwards, when Callum Wilson was inches away from connecting to a Josh King cross with the goal gaping in front of him.
After surviving a couple of hairy moments at the back, it was Burnley who took the lead late in the half. Vydra, handed a full debut after his summer move from Derby County, was on hand to finish clinically from close range after Ashley Westwood's half-volley had been diverted into his path by Ake's block.
Moments later it was 2-0. Johann Gudmundsson latched onto a dinked ball down the line by Matthew Lowton, cut inside onto his favoured left foot and whipped a devilish cross to the far post, with Lennon sliding in to convert the chance into the corner.
The visitors had a go in the second period and things might have been different for them had David Brooks scored his opportunity on the hour mark after being played through by Josh King, rather than seeing it brilliantly stopped by the onrushing Hart.
Eddie Howe threw on Junior Stanislas and Jermain Defoe in search of a route back into the game but instead it was one of Dyche's substitutes who got the on the scoresheet next, as Barnes tapped in from close range after Gudmundsson's volley had clanged off the foot of the post and into his path.
With two minutes remaining, Burnley flooded forward on the counter-attack after clearing a Bournemouth corner, with Lennon scampering onto a loose ball before teeing up Barnes to score a first-time effort beyond Asmir Begovic for the fourth and final goal of the game.
Tottenham moved second in the Premier League, for 48 hours at least, as a first-half flurry gave them a comfortable 3-0 win at Cardiff on New Year's Day.
Spurs were in complete control early on through Harry Kane's messy finish (3), before Christian Eriksen's low strike from 20 yards gave him his fourth goal in five league games.
Heung-Min Son scored from a tight angle to make it 3-0 (26), and though Spurs had some half-chances to add to their lead in the second half, keeping a clean sheet seemed their priority.
The result means Spurs are a point above Manchester City and six behind Liverpool, with their title rivals in action on Thursday evening at the Etihad, live on Sky Sports Premier League. Cardiff are 16th, three points above the drop zone.
Looking to bounce back from their 3-1 defeat by Wolves on Saturday, Spurs were flying in the first half while barely moving out of second gear.
Kane had them ahead with his 18th goal of the season as Sean Morrison failed to clear from close range, the ball ricocheting off Kane's thigh and past Neil Etheridge, meaning he has now scored against every Premier League side he has faced.
It was 2-0 shortly after as Kane started a move down the right for Moussa Sissoko, who squared for Son who then pushed it along to Eriksen. The Dane took his time and slotted into the bottom left corner through the legs of Bruno Manga to wrong-foot Etheridge.
It was 3-0 after only 26 minutes through Son, who found the far left corner from an acute angle on the right of the box after Kane's touch had found him in space.
Cardiff's first opportunity came after the break as sub Junior Hoilett saw a header well saved by Hugo Lloris from close range after Spurs let the ball bounce in the area, before Son came close to a second at the other end, only to be snuffed out by a combination of Sol Bamba and Etheridge.
Spurs stayed in control and got their clean sheet, keeping them in the title race as attention turns to Thursday's huge clash at the Etihad.
Callum Paterson scored the only goal to spoil Ralph Hasenhuttl's first match in charge of Southampton as Cardiff won 1-0 on Saturday.
Paterson's scrappy second-half finish (73) following a glaring error by defender Jannik Vestergaard was enough for Cardiff to secure a victory over Hasenhuttl's side.
In a game of few clear-cut chances, Southampton's Stuart Armstrong felt he should have had a penalty before the hour mark when he fell under the challenge of Victor Camarasa in the box, but referee Jon Moss waved away the protests.
The result means Cardiff move up into 14th place. Southampton, meanwhile, drop down into 19th on nine points as their worst run of form in 20 years continues.
Southampton started the game brightly in a 4-3-2-1 formation with wide men Armstrong and Nathan Redmond playing very narrow, but the first chance of the game fell to Cardiff. Josh Murphy's cross was excellently recovered by Nathaniel Mendez-Laing to tee up Harry Arter, but the Bournemouth loanee failed to get enough power behind his shot.
In the 17th minute, Murphy had the chance to put Neil Warnock's side in front, but his low drive was well blocked by Alex McCarthy. Seven minutes later and Murphy was slipped through by Paterson into a one-on-one following a lapse of concentration from Jan Bednarek, but McCarthy took the ball away from the 23-year-old's feet as he tried to round the England international.
Mendez-Laing, on just his third Premier League start, had a venomous strike on goal just before the break, but McCarthy was there to make another stop as he tipped a powerful effort over the bar.
Southampton had strong appeals for a penalty in the 59th minute when Armstrong appeared to be tripped in the box by Camarasa, but Moss did not believe there was enough contact to award a spot-kick.
In a second half lacking creativity in the wet and windy conditions at the Cardiff City Stadium, it took until the 74th minute for the deadlock to be broken by Paterson. The 24-year-old pounced on a mistake by Vestergaard, who dwelled on the ball far too long, before he trickled a tame shot past McCarthy into the bottom corner for his fourth goal of the season.
With Southampton not producing much of a fightback, Cardiff almost extended their lead 10 minutes from time through their captain Sean Morrison, but he failed to direct his free header on target. Nevertheless, Cardiff held on for an important victory which leaves Hasenhuttl with plenty to think about ahead of Southampton's Super Sunday clash against Arsenal.
Manchester United started life without Jose Mourinho with a stylish and energetic display under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer as they thrashed Cardiff 5-1.
Goals from Marcus Rashford (3), Ander Herrera (28), Anthony Martial (41) and a second-half double from Jesse Lingard (64, 90) saw United score five goals in a Premier League game for the first time since Sir Alex Ferguson departed.
After the negative performances under Mourinho, Solskjaer seemed to give his players a freedom to express themselves and was rewarded with a scintillating attacking showing, spearheaded by Martial, who looked especially rejuvenated, as did Paul Pogba.
Cardiff, who had won their last three home games, were completely outclassed and could only muster a penalty from Victor Camarasa (38) in response to United's silky and exciting showing.
United made the perfect start when Pogba won a free-kick after a neat one-two and Rashford stepped up to blast home a swerving effort from 30 yards.
Pogba played a part in the second goal, too. The World Cup winner - out in the cold under Mourinho - found Herrera with a clever ball and the Spanish midfielder's effort from 25 yards took a deflection off Greg Cunningham and flew into the top corner.
Cardiff quickly got themselves back into proceedings as Rashford was adjudged to have handled in the box, which provided Camarasa with a chance from the spot, one that he took.
However, the Cardiff goal only triggered United to step it up another gear. Martial, Pogba and Lingard linked brilliantly just outside the box and Martial galloped through before finishing into the far corner.
United continued to attack after the break and Lingard was brought down in the box as he tried to dribble past Sol Bamba and Sean Morrison. Lingard confidently netted from the spot.
Four was not enough for the visitors as they pressed on and Pogba slipped in Lingard with one of the last attacks to cap a dream start to Solskjaer's tenure.
A Gerard Deulofeu hat-trick and a Troy Deeney double lifted Watford into seventh in the Premier League table after the visitors' 5-1 win at Cardiff on Friday night.
Deulofeu opened the scoring in the 18th minute in a first half where Cardiff felt they should have had a penalty when Josh Murphy went down in the box under a strong challenge from Daryl Janmaat (42).
The former Barcelona forward grabbed his second with a composed finish in the 61st minute, before he completed a hat-trick two minutes later after coolly lofting the ball over goalkeeper Neil Etheridge.
Deeney made it four with a simple tap-in (73) before Sol Bamba scored a consolation eight minutes later. 
And in added time, Deeney scored Watford's fifth to complete a magnificent victory.
The result means Watford move up into seventh while Cardiff remain 17th and just a point above the relegation zone.
After a slow start, Cardiff came closest to taking the lead in the 15th minute when Oumar Niasse tried to lob Ben Foster from close range, but the 35-year-old goalkeeper sprinted off his line and blocked the first shot before quickly punching away the loose ball to prevent a rebound.
Three minutes later and Watford took the lead through Deulofeu. Deeney bundled past Sean Morrison and Joe Bennett before teeing up the Spaniard to stroke the ball into the bottom corner.
The flashpoint of the half arrived three minutes from half-time when Murphy was wiped out by Janmaat in the box, but referee Simon Hooper did not feel the late sliding tackle merited a spot-kick.
The second half began in scrappy fashion as Cardiff pushed for an equaliser, but Deulofeu scored his second of the night just after the hour mark. A poor free-kick from Bennett was headed straight out to the Spaniard, who ran from the halfway line and rounded Etheridge to double the visitors' lead.
Within a couple of minutes, Deulofeu had doubled his entire goal tally for the season in just one game. A sloppy Harry Arter pass was intercepted by Etienne Capoue, whose incisive pass was dinked into the bottom corner by Deulofeu for his hat-trick.
Deulofeu turned provider 10 minutes later as he broke free into the box and squared to Deeney for a simple tap-in.
Bamba scored a consolation in the 81st minute as he stabbed in from close range following a goalmouth scramble, before Deeney made it five with a tidy finish in added time.
An early goal in each half from Bobby Reid gave Cardiff a 2-0 win against Bournemouth on Saturday, boosting their chances of avoiding relegation.
There were emotional tributes to missing striker Emiliano Sala before kick-off, in what was Cardiff's first home game since a plane carrying the Argentine and pilot David Ibbotson went missing on January 21, with players and fans from both sides wearing daffodils among other commemorations.
On the field, Cardiff were awarded a penalty inside four minutes after a handball from Steve Cook, which Reid converted on what was also his 26th birthday. He added a second 15 seconds after the restart, slotting home into an empty net.
It is a vital three points for the hosts, who are now just two points from Premier League safety, while Bournemouth have now lost each of their last seven away league games, conceding at least twice in each.
After a moment of silence before the game got under way, Cardiff were awarded a penalty with just four minutes on the clock after Josh Murphy's cross hit the raised arm of Cook. Reid coolly dispatched the spot-kick and celebrated by holding up a shirt with a picture of Sala on it.
Nine minutes later, and Cardiff could have doubled their tally. Callum Paterson slid a lovely ball down the right for Oumar Niasse, who then fired a cross into the area for the waiting Murphy. However, it did not quite have the reach as Bournemouth goalkeeper Artur Boruc raced out to smother the pass.
Bournemouth's best chance of the half came just before the half-an-hour mark. Andrew Surman set up the ball from a Junior Stanislas pass before hitting a thunderous strike from just outside the area. However, Neil Etheridge made a wonderful, leaping save to push the ball onto the crossbar and send Cardiff into the break in front.
Fifteen seconds into the second half, and the hosts doubled their lead. After a few passes from the Cardiff kick-off, Aron Gunnarsson slipped a ball through for Reid, who shook off a challenge from Cook, rounded the oncoming Boruc at the top corner before rolling the ball into an empty net for his second of the evening.
Neither side particularly threatened for the remainder of the half, although Bournemouth had another good chance to score in the 79th minute. Jordon Ibe swung in a free-kick, which met the head of Nathan Ake at the back post, but he put the effort just wide as Bournemouth's poor away run continued.
Sol Bamba's dramatic 90th-minute strike gave Cardiff a vital 2-1 win over 10-man Brighton in the Premier League on Saturday.
After Bamba himself and Calum Paterson had both hit the woodwork in a goalmouth scramble, the defender slammed the second rebound into the roof of the net to hand Cardiff a valuable three points.
Lewis Dunk's header had earlier put Brighton ahead (6), Paterson replied for Cardiff with another close-range header (28), before Brighton were reduced to 10 men as Dale Stephens saw red for a rash challenge on Greg Cunningham (33).
The hosts had more of the possession but could not break Brighton down until the last-minute melee, and the win means Cardiff move out of the Premier League relegation zone.
Brighton took an early lead through Dunk's header, turning home at the far post from close range after losing Cardiff defender Sol Bamba from Solly March's dangerous free-kick.
But the hosts were level with a header of their own through Paterson, nodding into the net from three yards after Kadeem Harris, making his first Premier League start, caused issues for Brighton down the right flank as his deflected cross looped into the striker's path.
And Brighton's task was made harder after Martin Atkinson dismissed Stephens, who had raised his studs in a challenge with Cunningham on the halfway line.
Cardiff made three changes to the side that lost to Leicester last weekend. Joe Ralls returned in place of the suspended Harry Arter, while Kadeem Harris and Greg Cunningham came in for Bobby Reid and Joe Bennett.
Two changes for Brighton after the defeat at Everton; Alireza Jahanbakhsh did not recover from his hamstring injury in time to feature, and was replaced by Anthony Knockaert. Martin Montoya started ahead of captain Bruno at right-back, and Lewis Dunk took the captain's armband in his absence.
Harris impressed throughout, and hit the bar with a 25-yard left-footed curler in the second half, and though Cardiff pressured throughout the second period, the next best chance fell to Brighton.
Cutting inside from the left, Jose Izquierdo's fierce effort moved in the air and forced Neil Etheridge to awkwardly tip over the bar.
Then came the melee which won it for Cardiff. First, Bamba's overhead kick bounced off the post, then Paterson's rebounded strike was superbly deflected onto the bar by Dunk, only for Bamba to react and turn into the net from six yards through the crowd.
Junior Hoilett's breathtaking strike saw Cardiff come from behind to beat Wolves 2-1 at the Cardiff City Stadium.
Matt Doherty's close-range finish put Wolves ahead after 18 minutes, the Republic of Ireland international's second goal of the season coming on his 200th appearance for the club.
However, Aron Gunnarsson's scruffy effort levelled matters for Cardiff after 65 minutes, before Hoilett's stunning long-range curler turned the game on its head 12 minutes later.
The win sees Cardiff move out of the relegation zone after recording back-to-back top-flight home wins for the first time since 1961-62, while the visitors stay 11th after extending their winless league run to six games.
Cardiff have struggled defending set pieces this season and their problems continued on Friday as the home defence failed to deal with Joao Moutinho's right-wing corner early on in the encounter.
Raul Jimenez got in front of his marker at the near post to power a header goalwards, only for Neil Etheridge to deny the Mexico international with a brilliant reaction save low down to his right.
Unluckily for the Cardiff goalkeeper, though, the ball fell straight at Doherty's feet, with the wing back making no mistake with a composed left-footed strike from four yards out, the seventh time the hosts have conceded from a set play in the league this campaign.
Neil Warnock's team were desperately close to going in at the break on level terms, however, after Joe Ralls' corner was not properly cleared, Harry Arter's effort curled against the post with Rui Patricio beaten.
Arter also very nearly equalised just after the hour-mark, but his goalbound volley was deflected behind for a corner by Conor Coady on the line, from which the home side did deservedly score from.
Again, that man Arter was involved as the resulting left-wing corner found its way through to the midfielder, lurking unmarked on the edge of the area. Arter's up and under then caused panic in the Wolves defence, allowing Gunnarsson to nip in to score his first Premier League goal for five years.
And with 13 minutes to go, Cardiff took the lead in spectacular fashion as Ralls' inviting ball in from the left eventually fell to Hoilett on the left edge of the area.
The Canadian, playing as a left wing back in a reshaped back line, still had to work to do to score, however, the 28-year-old managed to beat Patricio with a sublime strike that went in off the bar to hand Warnock the ideal 70th birthday present.
Alexandre Lacazette's 81st-minute winner saw Arsenal edge out a spirited Cardiff side 3-2 for Unai Emery's first away victory as head coach.
Shkodran Mustafi headed the Gunners in front after 12 minutes from an Aaron Ramsey corner, but Cardiff had several chances to level before Victor Camarasa turned Joe Bennett's cross home at the second attempt in first-half injury-time to finally net their first goal of the season.
The goals kept flowing after half-time with a brilliant curled Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang finish from outside the box (62) putting Arsenal back ahead, before Danny Ward levelled from a Sean Morrison flick at a free-kick (70).
But Emery's first away success was secured nine minutes from time when Lacazette swivelled and fired a rocket of a shot inside Neil Etheridge's near post.
Harry Arter should have put Cardiff ahead inside seven minutes as the hosts stifled the space Arsenal wanted to play out from the back, but, after intercepting a wayward Petr Cech pass to Matteo Guendouzi, he blazed over when unmarked on the edge of the area.
Arsenal showed more clinical finishing when they took the lead soon after, as Ramsey's corner was met with a bullet header from Mustafi to leave Etheridge helpless in the Cardiff goal.
Arter had another good chance from Morrison's knock-down but could not keep his shot down again, but on the stroke of half-time Cardiff finally broke their goalscoring duck.
Granit Xhaka's lazy cross-field ball was picked off by Junior Hoilett and Bennett's cross took a nick but fell kindly for Camarasa, who fired high into the net as Cardiff became the last of the 92 teams in the domestic football pyramid to register their first goal.
After half-time Arsenal began to win the midfield battle, but for all their possession they struggled to test Cardiff until Lacazette's deft back-flick found Aubameyang's run and he curled a beautiful strike into the far corner.
Cardiff instantly responded, having found their shooting boots, and Morrison was again used from a free-kick, this time to nod back across goal where Ward was waiting to head in off the far post.
Just as Cardiff looked like they might earn an impressive point, Lucas Torreira's pass into the box found Lacazette on the turn and he struck a shot so powerful Etheridge barely moved as it whistled inside his near post.
Cardiff had a glorious chance to level in the final minute of stoppage time but Morrison, at it again, headed over from a free-kick with Cech off his line.
Cardiff City moved off the bottom of the table after recording their first win of the Premier League season with a 4-2 home victory over Fulham.
Andre Schurrle opened the scoring for the visitors after just 11 minutes with a stunning 35-yard strike, only for Cardiff to hit back with two goals in quick succession.
Josh Murphy firstly levelled matters with a neat finish on the quarter-hour mark, before the recalled Bobby Reid gave the home side the lead just five minutes later.
In a ding-dong first half, though, Ryan Sessegnon equalised for Fulham 11 minutes before the break with his first Premier League goal.
However, Neil Warnock's team would not be denied as second-half strikes from Callum Paterson (65) and substitute Kadeem Harris (87) gave the hosts a much-needed three points.
As a result, Cardiff moved above their opponents and up to 17th in the table, while Fulham dropped to 18th having now conceded a league-high 25 goals this campaign.
With both sides in desperate need of a win, it was no real surprise that the first 45 minutes produced four goals in South Wales, the first a wonder strike from Schurrle.
The German was given far too much time and space to size up his options, although he still had work to do to beat Cardiff goalkeeper Neil Etheridge with a long-range effort that flew into the top right-hand corner of the net.
Cardiff responded to that early setback, though, as Murphy latched on to Sol Bamba's ball down the left channel, before powering into the box and beating Marcus Bettinelli with a low shot into the far corner of the net, albeit with the help of a slight deflection.
The hosts were soon ahead after Schurrle got caught in possession just outside his box, before Reid was slipped through on goal, with the forward doing well to slide the ball under the advancing Bettinelli.
It was not long though before Fulham got back on level terms as Aleksandar Mitrovic's lovely backheel released Sessegnon, who kept his cool to become the first player born in 2000 to score a Premier League goal.
But it was Cardiff who claimed all three points, with Paterson grabbing their crucial third goal midway through the second half after neat build-up play down the right between Aron Gunnarsson and Bruno Ecuele Manga.
The marauding right-back centred low into the box and Paterson swivelled before finding the bottom corner of the net, with Harris then sealing the win late on after good perseverance by Victor Camarasa.
Sergio Aguero marked his 300th Manchester City appearance with his 205th goal for the club as the Premier League champions thumped Cardiff City 5-0.
Fresh from signing a one-year contract extension, Aguero tucked in City's opener (32) after he was picked out by Bernardo Silva, who scored with a looping header three minutes later.
Ilkay Gundogan curled in an unstoppable effort (44) and was then lucky to escape injury before the break when Joe Ralls caught the German just below the knee with a challenge that saw the Cardiff midfielder receive a booking.
In the second half, Riyad Mahrez tapped in his first City goal (67) before scoring his second late on (89) as Pep Guardiola's side responded to their midweek Champions League defeat to Lyon in perfect fashion.
Cardiff frustrated City in the opening half-hour, but the visitors broke the deadlock after 34 minutes with Aguero pouncing on Silva's cut across the box to celebrate his landmark appearance in style.
Three minutes after the assist, Silva got his name on the scoresheet, with the Portuguese latching onto Leroy Sane's cross and looping his backwards header - perhaps fortuitously - into the far corner.
Gundogan then made it three just before the break, playing a short one-two with Raheem Sterling on the edge of the area before curling an unstoppable effort into the postage stamp.
A contentious moment followed before half-time, with Ralls late and catching Gundogan. Just a yellow card was shown, and it was an incident which harked back to the FA Cup meeting in January when Guardiola was left furious after Joe Bennett was cautioned for a high tackle on Sane.
City remained on top in the second half despite applying the brakes, with Sane going close when his header hit the outside of the post.
A fourth goal came midway through the half, with Mahrez scoring his first in a City shirt when tapping into the empty net from Gundogan's low ball across the box.
Mahrez then scored his second at the death, gratefully receiving Bruno Ecuele Manga's poor, misplaced pass before firing a low effort into the far corner.
Burnley continued their Premier League revival, securing back-to-back wins for the first time since April with a 2-1 victory at struggling Cardiff on Super Sunday.
Second-half strikes from Johann Berg Gudmundsson and Wales international Sam Vokes were enough to secure the win for Sean Dyche's men, who now find themselves 12th in the table having overcome a difficult start to the campaign.
Josh Murphy broke his Cardiff duck with his first Premier League goal to equalise on the hour, but Vokes' winner confirmed a fourth consecutive defeat for Neil Warnock's side.
It means Cardiff, who remain second-bottom in the Premier League, are without a win from their first seven games back in the top flight.
The hosts applied good early pressure on the Burnley goal, with Ben Mee forced to deflect a wicked Murphy cross wide before Callum Paterson's ball narrowly evaded the Cardiff winger in an encouraging opening four minutes.
Murphy, operating down the left, remained Cardiff's biggest threat. Having played a one-two to get into the area on 18 minutes, he tried to catch Joe Hart out at his near post, but his effort crashed off the woodwork.
Victor Camarasa released Kenneth Zohore through on goal with a clever flick-on four minutes later, but the striker's shot deflected behind. Cardiff had the ball in the back of the net from the resulting corner but Sean Morrison was penalised for climbing all over Kevin Long.
Another flick, this time from the impressive Paterson, presented Zohore with another chance on 41 minutes, and the Dane's near-post poke drew a fine save from Hart.
Morrison then kept the ball from the corner that followed, nodding it back into the area where Paterson's looping header was cleared from under his own crossbar by Matej Vydra.
Vokes' appeals for a penalty four minutes into the second half were correctly overruled by referee Martin Atkinson, who saw the Burnley forward clip his own heels after racing clear of Morrison.
But Burnley were not to be denied much longer as Gudmundsson, after outmuscling Greg Cunningham to reach a deep Ashley Westwood cross, squeezed a header past Neil Etheridge to give the visitors the lead.
Cardiff spurned a glorious chance to respond immediately as Camarasa flashed a volley over. But the lead would only last another seven minutes as Camarasa and Bruno Manga combined down the right before setting up Murphy, who arrived on the scene perfectly to rifle home the equaliser.
Murphy was denied a spectacular second as Hart brilliantly tipped his curling 20-yard effort over the bar. Three minutes later, though, Burnley were back in front as Vokes stooped to meet Gudmundsson's cross and applied the finishing touch to a flowing counter-attack.
Chelsea stretched their unbeaten Premier League start to 12 games but had to settle for a point after failing to breach Everton during a goalless draw at Stamford Bridge.
Maurizio Sarri's side were nullified by disciplined visitors during the first half but the scoreline belied their dominance after the interval as Jordan Pickford, the goalframe and the offside flag left them frustrated.
Marcos Alonso had the game's best chances but though the stage seemed set for Ross Barkley against his former club, the late substitute could only lash wide from distance and a home breakthrough remained elusive.
The Blues would have returned to the summit, for a few hours at least, but the result leaves them third in the table behind Manchester City and Liverpool, with Everton staying in ninth place.
Sarri will rue the missed opportunity but his start to Premier League management is now a record one, the Italian surpassing Frank Clark's 11 unbeaten run with Nottingham Forest from August to October 1994.
After the Chelsea Pensioners had led remembrance tributes, the visitors to west London started brightest on the pitch, Andre Gomes heading narrowly over and Bernard fizzing wide following threatening Lucas Digne deliveries.
A ball over the top narrowly evaded Alvaro Morata's lunge but Chelsea continued to be thwarted by well-drilled opponents, as well as by Everton goalkeeper Pickford when Yerry Mina's foul on Eden Hazard gave Alonso a dead-ball chance.
The sides had failed to muster a shot on target as the break loomed but Alonso lashed a venomous first (41) when he peeled away to meet Willian's free-kick on the volley, the angle tight but Pickford forced to palm away.
Morata's hopeful penalty appeal was dismissed before a flashpoint between Bernard and Antonio Rudiger saw both players booked as the half ended with a frisson but still no breakthrough.
Pickford was called upon again just seconds after the restart, Morata under pressure from Mina but almost converting Hazard's lofted cross, and as the game opened up, Kepa Arrizabalaga tipped over from Gylfi Sigurdsson.
As Barkley warmed up to some jeers from the travelling supporters, Willian dithered and then fired wide, while Pickford scrambled to push over Hazard's deflected shot in a breathless passage of play.
Alonso drilled against the far post (65) as a Chelsea opener impossibly remained elusive but Morata could have no complaints when he tapped in soon after but saw the offside flag.
The Spaniard was further aggrieved when a tussle with Michael Keane brought no Everton punishment and a flurry of substitutes were made in vain, Barkley's entrance promising but failing to deliver late drama.
Chelsea missed the chance to strengthen their top-four position as they produced an ineffective display in a 0-0 home draw with Southampton.
Eden Hazard spurned the best opening of the first half when he fired at Southampton goalkeeper Angus Gunn, who was making his Premier League debut.
Chelsea continued to labour after half-time, with Alvaro Morata having a goal ruled out in the 71st minute after a tight offside call and then seeing a shot saved by Gunn.
Southampton rarely threatened but will likely be satisfied with a hard-earned point, while there were some boos from Chelsea fans at the final whistle.
Having lost their final home game of 2018 to Leicester, this was another lacklustre display from Chelsea in front of their own supporters, who had been buoyed earlier in the day by the signing of Christian Pulisic from Borussia Dortmund.
Chelsea particularly struggled to get anything going in a forgettable first half.
Morata headed at Gunn while Willian had a shot blocked before he was taken off with injury in the 37th minute.
Chelsea's best chance fell to Hazard but he fired at Gunn after controlling Antonio Rudiger's pass over the top.
While Southampton didn't have a shot on target before the break, they were compact in defence and succeeded in frustrating Chelsea and keeping them at bay.
Chelsea goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga was called into action early in the second half to tip a low shot wide from Stuart Armstrong.
But the game soon settled into the same pattern as the first half, with Chelsea controlling possession and failing to create any clear openings.
Hazard and Jorginho shot at Gunn while Morata thought he had broken the deadlock when he finished from inside the box, only for the flag to go up for a tight offside call.
Substitutes Cesc Fabregas and Ruben Loftus-Cheek then combined to tee up Morata but Gunn blocked his low shot.
Jamie Vardy scored the winner as Leicester produced an impressive display to shock Chelsea 1-0 at Stamford Bridge.
Eden Hazard hit the bar for Chelsea in the first half, but Vardy fired the Foxes in front with a fine near-post finish in the 51st minute.
It took Chelsea until late in the game to respond as Antonio Rudiger headed wide from a corner and then Marcos Alonso hit the post with only Kasper Schmeichel to beat.
But Leicester held out to move up to ninth in the Premier League and provide a welcome pre-Christmas boost for manager Claude Puel.
There had been reports before the match that Puel was fighting for his job over the festive period, but the performance - particularly in the second half - should lift his spirits as Leicester won at Stamford Bridge for the first time since 2000.
Chelsea, who had not previously lost at home this season, dominated possession in the first half without creating many clear openings.
A long ball from David Luiz almost provided the opening goal in the second minute, drifting just wide of the post after confusion in the Leicester defence left Schmeichel stranded on the edge of the box.
Luiz was then inches away from nodding in a corner at the back post before Hazard spun Harry Maguire but fired against the bar from 15 yards out.
Leicester were resolute and well-organised, and only a brilliant save from Kepa Arrizabalaga prevented Wilfred Ndidi scoring from 30 yards out in the 40th minute.
But the Foxes did break the deadlock in the 51st minute, sweeping forward on the counter before James Maddison slipped a pass through for Vardy and he fired past Arrizabalaga at the near post.
Hazard forced Schmeichel into a sharp save shortly afterwards, but otherwise Chelsea were lacklustre and careless in possession in both halves.
Leicester went closest to scoring next as Cesar Azpilicueta blocked a backheeled shot from Vardy and then Arrizabalaga pushed away an effort from Marc Albrighton.
Chelsea eventually threatened with injury-time approaching but Rudiger glanced a header wide from six yards out and then Schmeichel got the faintest touch to tip Alonso's low shot onto the post.
Daniel Sturridge scored a stunning late equaliser as Liverpool fought back to claim a 1-1 draw against Premier League title rivals Chelsea in an absorbing contest at Stamford Bridge on Saturday evening.
Eden Hazard fired in the opening goal after 25 minutes, just days after coming off the bench to secure a 2-1 Carabao Cup win for Chelsea at Anfield.
Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino had shots blocked on the line and Xherdan Shaqiri sliced wide from 12 yards out as Liverpool's hopes of extending their perfect start to the Premier League season faded.
However, they managed to salvage a draw thanks to a stunning 89th-minute strike from former Chelsea striker Sturridge, who curled a 30-yard shot over Kepa Arrizabalaga.
The result sees both sides remain unbeaten in the Premier League, but Manchester City now lead the way at the top of the table ahead of their clash with Liverpool next Sunday, live on Sky Sports.
Liverpool, who were aiming to win their first seven games of a top-flight campaign for only the second time, looked the more threatening side in the early stages as Salah twice failed to test Kepa with shots from outside the box.
Sadio Mane then sliced wide before Chelsea created their first opening; David Luiz playing a fabulous long pass over the top for Willian, who was denied by Alisson.
Chelsea took the lead in the 25th minute after some intricate build-up play in midfield resulted in Mateo Kovacic releasing Hazard, who finished into the far corner with a low strike.
Salah went close to equalising when he took the ball around Kepa and then saw a shot cleared off the line by Antonio Rudiger.
Liverpool enjoyed more of the possession in the second half but were frustrated as Kepa made a sharp save to keep out a low shot from Mane.
Hazard spurned an excellent chance to make it 2-0 when he was played through on goal by a quickly-taken free-kick but failed to beat Alisson.
Shaqiri then skewed wide from the penalty spot and Roberto Firmino saw a header blocked on the line by David Luiz as Chelsea looked as though they would hold out.
However, Sturridge snatched a draw in memorable style as he curled a left-footed shot over Kepa from 30 yards out.
Chelsea continued their perfect start to the season with a hard-fought 2-0 victory over Bournemouth at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Substitute Pedro broke Bournemouth's resistance with a deflected effort in the 72nd minute before Eden Hazard fired in the second with five minutes remaining.
Bournemouth had chances with the game at 0-0 but Callum Wilson and Nathan Ake both shot over the bar from excellent positions.
The win sees Chelsea move level with Liverpool on 12 points at the top of the Premier League.
Bournemouth suffer their first defeat, and will be left to regret their two big missed chances by Wilson and Ake, having frustrated Chelsea for much of the game with their compact and well-organised defence.
Chelsea had 81 per cent possession in their previous game against Newcastle, and it was a similar story in the first half against Bournemouth, who played with a back three and defended deep.
Chelsea struggled to create clear chances as Antonio Rudiger headed over from a corner and Jorginho and Mateo Kovacic shot wide.
Wilson spurned a fantastic chance to score in the 30th minute when he turned a shot over the bar from 10 yards out from Sergio Rico's left-wing cross.
Alonso almost broke the deadlock late in the half as he hit a scuffed effort against the post from the edge of the box.
Alonso went close again after the break as his swept shot from inside the area was pushed away by Begovic.
Former Chelsea defender Ake then missed from almost under the bar after a corner landed at his feet.
Bournemouth's compact defence continued to frustrate Chelsea, but a fortunate deflection helped the hosts break the deadlock as Pedro's shot hit Steve Cook and spun past Begovic.
Hazard then made sure of victory as he collected Alonso's lay-off and drilled a low shot past the goalkeeper.
Chelsea comfortably beat Fulham 2-0 on Sunday afternoon to mark a disappointing return to Stamford Bridge for Claudio Ranieri on Derby Day.
Pedro broke the deadlock for the hosts in the fourth minute following a mistake from Jean Michael Seri as Ranieri experimented with a diamond midfield.
Fulham rallied in the second half with Calum Chambers coming close on a few occasions, but substitute Ruben Loftus-Cheek sealed victory for the hosts (82) after some fine combination play between Eden Hazard and Pedro.
The result means Fulham remain bottom of the Premier League table on eight points. Chelsea, meanwhile, move up into third ahead of Tottenham for at least a few hours.
After an encouraging opening from Fulham, their early momentum came to a halt due to a series of mistakes by Denis Odoi and Seri. Odoi's ponderous pass into Seri was picked off by N'Golo Kante, who slipped through Pedro to slot away Chelsea's 1000th home goal in the Premier League.
Fulham strung together their best move of the first half in the 17th minute with Chambers letting a shot go from range, but Kepa Arrizabalaga was equal to the effort.
Chelsea almost doubled their lead with less than ten minutes of the first half to go through Olivier Giroud after he met Eden Hazard's cross at the near post, but Sergio Rico did well to stop the first-time effort with a strong reflex save before the Spaniard made a similar stop with his legs to deny the Frenchman just before half-time.
Ranieri introduced Floyd Ayite and Aboubakar Kamara to inject some pace into his side at the start of the second half, but their an equalising goal nearly came through Chambers again. He rose highest to meet a floated corner by Seri, but his near-post header was expertly batted away by Kepa.
The Arsenal loanee then had another opportunity to put Ranieri's men on level terms in the 65th minute only for his swept effort to be clawed to safety by Kepa.
Just moments after coming off the bench, Alvaro Morata was presented with a glorious chance to extend Chelsea's lead in the 72nd minute but he blasted his rebound, following a strong save by Rico to deny Hazard, over the bar from point-blank range.
Fortunately for the former Real Madrid striker the miss did not matter too much as Chelsea extended their lead through Loftus-Cheek in the 83rd minute who finished off a flowing move, kickstarted by Hazard and Pedro, on his 50th Premier League appearance.
Chelsea ended Manchester City's unbeaten Premier League run with a 2-0 win at Stamford Bridge  a result that leaves Liverpool top.
N'Golo Kante (45) stunned City by scoring with Chelsea's first attack before David Luiz - exposed against Tottenham two weeks ago - went from zero to hero by looping a header (78) into the top corner.
The Blues become the first team to beat City in the league since Manchester United in April while Liverpool now lead the way by a point in the title race.
Chelsea remain in fourth place following Tottenham's 2-0 win at Leicester but they have cut the gap to league leaders Liverpool to eight points.
The first half was dominated by the visitors, who should have made their territorial dominance count on nine minutes but Raheem Sterling snatched at a close-range chance.
There was only one team conjuring up any attacking opportunities but Luiz, Antonio Rudiger and Cesar Azpilicueta stood firm against constant City probing.
However, just as it looked a case of when rather than if City took the lead, Chelsea hit on the counter just before the break.
Luiz's long ball found Pedro, whose cross-field ball to Willian made City retreat into their own box. Willian found Hazard, who slid the ball back for Kante smash home from 15 yards. Ederson's only job of the half was to pick the ball out of his net.
The goal triggered a surge in confidence for Chelsea, who were now able to handle City's high press and play into their midfield.
City mustered little in response as Kyle Walker hit a speculative free-kick that summed up their frustrations. Chelsea remained organised in their shape and ended the game as a contest with the second goal.
Hazard's corner was met by Luiz who sent a looping header into the far corner of the net.
Anyone thinking of already handing the title to City, may have to think again.
Chelsea strengthened their bid for a top-four finish in the Premier League after Willian's second-half strike handed the Blues a 2-1 win over Newcastle at Stamford Bridge.
Following Arsenal's 1-0 defeat to West Ham earlier in the day, Maurizio Sarri's side had the opportunity to open a six-point gap over the Gunners in fifth and they made the perfect start through Pedro's early strike (9).
Newcastle responded before half-time thanks to Ciaran Clark's powerful header (40) but Willian's curling effort (57) secured Chelsea all three points.
The win sees Chelsea move to within a point of third-placed Tottenham, who face Manchester United on Renault Super Sunday live on Sky Sports, while defeat leaves Newcastle in the relegation zone.
Chelsea were without a goal in their previous two home games in the league, but they put that barren spell in front of goal behind them when Pedro latched onto David Luiz's inch-perfect through ball before lofting the ball over Martin Dubravka and into the back of the net.
It was the perfect start for Chelsea, who continued to dominate possession, but Sarri's side never really pushed on from taking an early lead.
It allowed Newcastle to grow into the game and Ayoze Perez should have done better after latching onto Salomon Rondon's flick-on, but the Spanish forward sliced his shot wide of the upright with only Kepa Arrizabalaga to beat.
Newcastle were finishing the stronger of the two sides and they eventually got their reward, Clark beating Luiz in the air to head Matt Ritchie's corner past Arrizabalaga and into the bottom corner.
Chelsea came close to restoring their advantage immediately from the restart, but with Newcastle's defence sleeping, Willian passed wide following Jorginho's through ball.
Pedro then passed up two chances early in the second half, before Hazard, who had been quiet, burst into life to create Chelsea's second.
The Belgium international drove at the heart of the Newcastle defence before laying the ball off to Willian, who checked inside from the left side of the area to curl the ball beyond the dive of Dubravka and inside the far post.
Willian then had an opportunity to wrap up all three points after latching onto another excellent through ball from Luiz. He lifted the ball over Dubravka but the ball looked to be heading wide before Jamaal Lascelles turned the ball behind.
Despite their slender advantage, Chelsea brought on Callum Hudson-Odoi for Pedro with 10 minutes remaining and soon after a chorus of "we want you to stay" was heard from the home fans, who were soon celebrating a 14th win of the season.
Ross Barkley's stoppage-time equaliser denied Jose Mourinho's Manchester United victory at Chelsea following a heated 2-2 draw.
Substitute Barkley turned home in the 96th minute from close range, prompting Chelsea second assistant Marco Ianni to run across Mourinho's path in celebration, which angered the United manager and in-turn sparked scuffles on the sidelines and in the tunnel.
Chelsea had taken the lead through Antonio Rudiger's header from Willian's corner (21) thanks to some suspect marking, but United equalised after the break as Anthony Martial finished fiercely from close range following pinball in the box (55).
Martial then struck again to stun Chelsea (73), curling into the bottom corner from inside the box following a swift counter-attack, before Barkley's last-gasp leveller caused an eruption on the sideline.
Juan Mata was a surprise inclusion in Mourinho's side, and though they started solidly enough, one defensive lapse had Chelsea ahead midway through the half.
From Willian's corner, Rudiger found himself free of Paul Pogba, directing a fine header into the bottom corner from 10 yards. Pogba ranted and raved, seemingly claiming Victor Lindelof's own marking of David Luiz had blocked his path to stick with Rudiger.
Chelsea dominated the ball from there, claiming 60 per cent of it in the first half, and could have been two up just after the break had Alvaro Morata made better connection with his low effort from just inside the box.
United went 55 minutes without a shot on target, before two in 20 seconds resulted in an equaliser. First, Mata's deflected effort was well beaten away by Kepa Arrizabalaga, but after the ball was turned back goalwards by Ashley Young and deflected into Martial's path, the Frenchman made no mistake from 10 yards.
David Luiz's unmarked header from a Willian cross was then glanced wide, N'Golo Kante forced a fine save from David de Gea 20 yards out, but United then broke to take the lead.
Mata found himself free on the right, squaring to Marcus Rashford and then onto Martial, who curled a fine effort into the far bottom corner from 15 yards.
United looked sure to claim all three points until the late drama; first Luiz hit the post with a header, Rudiger's follow up was superbly saved by De Gea, before Barkley drove into the goal with ease.
There were wild celebrations among Chelsea fans, but a nasty scene on the touchline. Chelsea coach Ianni burst out of the bench and pumped his fists in Mourinho's face, prompting the manager to go after him in the tunnel. A few minutes passed before the situation calmed, and Mourinho then shook hands with Chelsea boss Maurizio Sarri, explaining what had happened.
Alvaro Morata scored twice as Chelsea reclaimed second spot in the Premier League with a 3-1 victory over Crystal Palace at Stamford Bridge.
The Spain international continued his recent upturn in form as he scored in each half before Pedro sealed the win that extends Chelsea's unbeaten start to the season to 11 games.
Andros Townsend equalised for Palace early in the second half but Roy Hodgson's men were unable to prevent a fifth defeat in six that leaves them 14th in the table.
The victory keeps Chelsea within two points of leaders Manchester City and sees Maurizio Sarri equal the record for the most games without defeat by a new Premier League manager.
Chelsea took an age to find their rhythm in an opening quarter which belonged to Palace's Wilfried Zaha, who stamped his authority on the game with a demonstration of his threat on the counter.
Max Meyer blazed Palace's first chance over on 20 minutes before a last-gasp block from David Luiz prevented the midfielder from finding the target, after an intricate through pass from Zaha.
However, Palace's failure to punish a lethargic Chelsea came back to haunt them on 33 minutes, as Pedro's pass inside found Morata, who took a touch before rifling the ball past Wayne Hennessey.
Chelsea thought they had scored a quickfire second two minutes later, but Willian's close-range effort was correctly ruled out for offside.
Morata could have doubled his tally on 39 minutes but he glanced a header onto the roof of the goal after Marcos Alonso's knock-back from a Willian free-kick.
Palace were level eight minutes into the second half as a neat exchange between James McArthur and Townsend released the Palace forward through on goal, and he clinically found the bottom corner of Kepa Arrizabalaga's goal.
Hennessey brilliantly tipped a goal-bound Luiz header over on 63 minutes as Chelsea sought to regain the lead. Two minutes later, though, the Palace goalkeeper was beaten for a second time.
Ninety seconds after coming on, Chelsea substitute Eden Hazard won and delivered a free-kick into the Palace area which bobbled around before Morata applied the finishing touch - his sixth goal in his last six games.
Two quickly became three as Alonso's diagonal cross picked out the run of Pedro, who got in on the act by slotting home on 70 minutes.
It was plain sailing from there on for Chelsea, the only negative being that Morata spurned the chance to secure his second hat-trick for the club as Hennessey read his lofted finish in a stoppage-time one-on-one.
Chelsea made it five wins from five as Eden Hazard's hat-trick saw them sweep Cardiff aside 4-1 at Stamford Bridge.
The Blues fell behind for the first time this season when Sol Bamba turned in from close range following Sean Morrison's flick-on from a free-kick (17).
But Chelsea began to turn on the style before half-time with a number of one-touch moves, and they levelled when Olivier Giroud flicked the ball into Hazard, who took a touch before firing beyond Neil Etheridge from the edge of the box (37).
The Belgian had them in front before the break from another Giroud assist, this time from the edge of the six-yard box (44), and added a third from the spot late on when Bamba bundled into Willian (81).
The Brazilian, a second-half substitute, got in on the act himself with a curling finish from outside the box (83), to give table-topping Chelsea their best start in eight years, and leave Cardiff still looking for their first win.
Cardiff had begun with the same level of intent they had shown from the off against Arsenal before the international break, and Bamba gave them a warning of their potency from set-pieces when he headed a Joe Ralls corner wide of the far post.
It wasn't heeded, and Morrison was given a simple task of providing an assist from a free-kick - as he had against Arsenal - and find a sliding Bamba to score the opener soon after.
Chelsea then began to turn on the style at last, and Mateo Kovacic should have levelled when played through by a delightful backheel from Giroud, but Etheridge smothered his shot.
More 'Sarri-ball' showed in flashes, and it was an excellent move which did eventually break Cardiff's resistance. Antonio Rudiger stepped out of defence, he looked into Giroud and his first-time ball found Hazard, who took a touch before drilling into the far corner from outside the box.
And the game was turned on its head before the break, when Pedro's drilled cross from the left was kept alive by Giroud and turned into the path of Hazard, who slotted in from close range.
After half-time Cardiff looked content to wait for their moment, while Chelsea's intensity dropped, without being caused too much trouble.
But a moment of madness would cement their victory, when Bamba clattered into Willian with the Brazilian going away from goal, and Hazard fired in from the spot.
Willian then got one of his own when he found a yard of space and left Etheridge helpless with a fine finish from 20 yards.
Gonzalo Higuain and Eden Hazard both scored twice as Chelsea returned to winning ways with a much-needed 5-0 victory over Huddersfield.
Higuain opened the scoring after 16 minutes with his first goal for Chelsea, who came under scrutiny after they were thrashed 4-0 by Bournemouth on Wednesday.
Hazard made it 2-0 with a penalty in first-half injury-time and then added the third in the 66th minute.
January signing Higuain curled in his second shortly afterwards (69) before David Luiz headed in from a corner late in the game (86).
The win moves Chelsea back into the top four in the Premier League, with Arsenal and Manchester United playing on Sky Sports on Sunday, while Huddersfield stay 13 points adrift of safety at the bottom of the table.
Chelsea and Maurizio Sarri had faced some tough questions after their worst Premier League defeat in 23 years in midweek, but they made an encouraging start against Huddersfield as Ross Barkley flashed a shot wide and Hazard forced Jonas Lossl into a diving save.
Huddersfield had the best chance of the opening 15 minutes, though, as Mooy headed over the bar from Chris Lowe's cross.
Chelsea took the lead in the 16th minute when N'Golo Kante slipped a well-disguised pass into the box for Higuain, who fired past Lossl at the near post.
Higuain then went close to a second as he poked wide from Marcos Alonso's cross.
Huddersfield threatened on the break when Philip Billing saw a shot blocked, but Chelsea added to their lead late in the half as Hazard converted from the penalty spot after Cesar Azpilicueta had been fouled right on the edge of the box.
The visitors were denied a penalty of their own early in the second half when Elias Kachunga went down in the box under a challenge from Andreas Christensen.
Two goals in three minutes then put Chelsea in firm control, with Hazard finishing after rounding Lossl and Higuain curling in a shot from 20 yards with the aid of a deflection.
Luiz headed in from a corner in the 86th minute to round off the win.
Cardiff escaped Selhurst Park with a valuable point after Crystal Palace missed a host of chances in a 0-0 draw.
Palace were unlucky not to take the lead in a dominant first half that saw Andros Townsend hit the bar and near misses from Wilfried Zaha, Luka Milivojevic and Townsend again.
Cardiff struggled in the second half to resist a Palace onslaught but somehow stayed level thanks to the woodwork, some wayward finishing from Palace's strikers, and a series of saves by keeper Neil Etheridge.
The result means that Cardiff stay out the relegation zone while Palace remain in 14th place.
Palace could have taken the lead after just two minutes when Townsend hit the bar after fine work by Zaha to play him through.
Townsend then had another great opportunity when Patrick van Aanholt set him up just outside the box, while Milivojevic, Zaha, and Aaron Wan-Bissaka also went close from distance.
Cardiff finally had chances through Junior Hoilett and Bobby Reid, but were very lucky to get into the break level after Palace continued to push for an opener.
Zaha worked tirelessly in the second half to create chance upon chance for an Eagles side that struggled desperately for accuracy, and when they did hit the target they were met with the very safe hands of Cardiff stopper Neil Etheridge.
Etheridge, however, was rooted when Milivojevic curled a free-kick in from 23 yards that struck the crossbar, and could only watch as Connor Wickham missed a glorious opportunity from six yards.
Cardiff had a chance of their own towards the end but were denied by a fine save from Vicente Guaita. Cardiff 'keeper Etheridge also pulled enough another fine save to deny Van Aanholt in the final minutes.
The result means that Cardiff stay just afloat of the relegation zone, while Palace keep distance between themselves at the bottom in 14th, though they will be disappointed they didn't take all three points today.
Crystal Palace could not find a way through an unambitious Newcastle side as the pair played out a drab 0-0 draw at Selhurst Park.
Palace's Mamadou Sakho had the best chance of the game in the final 10 minutes when he headed wide of an unguarded goal from Andros Townsend's cross.
The visitors played much of the game in their own half, but did have opportunities, notably when James Tomkins was caught in possession by Ayoze Perez early on but his weak shot was held by Wayne Hennessey.
Newcastle are still seeking their first win with six games gone, while Palace are yet to pick up their first home victory, having lost two and drawn one of their three games at Selhurst Park.
Rafa Benitez had suggested this would be a game where his side would look to attack, but Palace's 10 shots to Newcastle's three before half-time told its own story, for once of the onlooking Mike Ashley, who was the subject of ridicule from the club's fans for much of the game.
Wilfried Zaha shook off a pre-match scare when he disappeared from the warm-up clutching his back to take on an unusually deep role, but still orchestrated much of Palace's play as they pressed forward in numbers.
Despite that, it was Newcastle who had the better of the early chances. Perez robbed Tomkins and strode through, only to fail to register enough power on his shot to test Hennessey, before Jamal Lascelles put a near-post header wide when unmarked at a corner.
Palace came closest when Luka Milivojevic's free-kick from the left beat everyone and rebounded off the post, and it was more a case of near-misses for the hosts before half-time.
They were let off shortly after the break too, when Joselu's drive from Matt Ritchie's header was simple enough for Hennessey.
But in the final 15 minutes, they really began to turn the screw in a half where they ended with 66 per cent of possession, and Sakho had the goal gaping when Andros Townsend crossed from the left, but he somehow headed wide of the near post from barely four yards.
Late on, Townsend saw a shot smothered behind by Martin Dubravka, but Palace were left frustrated on an afternoon where the weather was just as poor as the quality on show from either side.
Juan Foyth bounced back from a difficult Premier League debut to score the winner as Tottenham battled to a 1-0 win over Crystal Palace on Saturday.
The 20-year-old, who gave away two penalties against Wolves last weekend, headed home from close range in the 66th minute at Selhurst Park to secure a fourth win in a row in all competitions for Spurs.
Palace, without injured forward Wilfried Zaha, struggled to create chances, with substitute Alexander Sorloth spurning their best opening in injury-time when he was denied by Hugo Lloris.
Spurs have now won seven of eight away Premier League matches this season while Palace are yet to win at home and have lost six of their last seven games in all competitions.
Palace looked to be up against it from the start due to the absence of Zaha, having not won a Premier League game without him in the starting line-up since September 2016.
However, the hosts did show some promising early signs as Lucas Moura headed away from an open Cheikhou Kouyate in the box and then Andros Townsend shot into the side-netting.
Spurs lost Kieran Trippier to injury in the 24th minute, but were soon in the ascendancy.
Dele Alli headed wide from Ben Davies' cross and Harry Kane then forced Wayne Hennessey into a save with a shot from 25 yards out.
Spurs looked in control of the game before the break, only for Palace to battle back at the start of the second half and see James Tomkins spurn a good chance when he headed wide at the back post from a corner.
But it was from a Spurs corner that the deadlock was eventually broken in the 66th minute.
Kane's header was deflected up into the air and, as Jordan Ayew waited for the ball to drop, Foyth leapt and headed in from close range.
Palace applied pressure in the final 10 minutes but Lloris saved a 20-yard shot from Jeffrey Schlupp and then denied Sorloth in injury-time after the striker was presented with a clear sight of goal in the box.
Wolves made it four wins from their last five Premier League matches with a 1-0 victory at Crystal Palace, who are still yet to score at home this season.
Matt Doherty scored the winner in the 54th minute, firing past Wayne Hennessey at the near post after a one-two with Raul Jimenez.
Palace threatened an equaliser but Rui Patricio made a fantastic double save to deny Max Meyer and Jeffrey Schlupp.
Ivan Cavaleiro crashed a shot against the bar at the other end but Wolves held out to move up to seventh in the Premier League.
Wolves have now gone unbeaten in six successive top-flight games for the first time since 1979 while Palace's scoring struggles at Selhurst Park have seen them pick up just one point from four home matches.
Roy Hodgson's side made an encouraging start to the contest as they pinned Wolves back inside their own half.
However, aside from a cross from Wilfried Zaha that was fizzed across the face of goal, Palace created little, and it was the visitors who went closest to breaking the deadlock.
Jimenez dragged a shot wide on the counter and was then denied by a superb one-handed save from Hennessey.
Schlupp fired over from inside the box in the 34th minute before Diego Jota sliced off target at the other end.
Doherty gave Wolves the lead after half-time, cutting in from the right, playing a one-two with Jimenez and then finishing past Hennessey.
Palace came close to levelling as Jordan Ayew headed over from a corner and Patricio saved in quick succession from Meyer's sweetly-struck volley and Schlupp's follow-up shot.
Schlupp then saw a close-range effort blocked by Willy Boly, but there was no late surge from Palace after Cavaleiro struck the bar with a first-time shot from inside the box.
James Milner's penalty and Sadio Mane's late strike sealed a 2-0 win for Liverpool against Crystal Palace, who had Aaron Wan-Bissaka sent off on Monday Night Football.
It had been an even opening period when Mamadou Sakho caught the ankles of Mohamed Salah in the area on the cusp of half-time - sending him down - and Milner put the resulting spot-kick past Wayne Hennessey.
Salah was involved again as Palace ended the game with ten men when Wan-Bissakka brought down the Egypt international just outside the box in the 75th minute. It was a straight red card for the youngster, meaning he will miss the next three fixtures.
Mane rounded off the victory in the third minute of added time as Liverpool hit their hosts on the break, with the Senegal forward slotting home to give Liverpool a second win of the season.
It was a fairly quiet first half until the 23rd minute when Naby Keita nicked the ball around Andros Townsend before taking a few strides and releasing a superb long pass for Salah. The forward tried to chip over Hennessey but under pressure, he sent the ball flying high into the crowd.
Palace went close 90 seconds later when Townsend fired a curling effort towards goal but it smashed off the top corner of the crossbar. Wilfried Zaha attempted to net the rebound but it hammered off the back of Joe Gomez before going behind for a corner.
Liverpool opened the scoring just before half-time through Salah, who was tripped in the area by Sakho, with referee Michael Oliver instantly pointing to the spot despite protests from the defender. Milner dispatched coolly past Hennessey.
The second half began at a pace, with Salah rounding the oncoming Hennessey in the box early on but failing to chip home before Keita fired the cut-back from his team-mate just wide. At the other end, Alisson was called into action eight minutes after the restart as Luka Milivojevic curled a free-kick his way, but the Brazilian made a leaping save.
With 15 minutes to play, Crystal Palace went down to ten men as Wan-Bissaka was given his marching orders. As Salah raced towards goal, the 20-year-old caught him around the ankles just outside the area and was shown a straight red card.
Liverpool pushed for another as the game drew to a close and made the breakthrough in the 93rd minute. After clearing a Palace corner, Salah burst down the field before laying the ball off to Mane. He continued the run, shrugging off a challenge from Patrick van Aanholt and rounding the oncoming Hennessey before slotting home.
Second-half strikes from Danny Ings and Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg gave Southampton their first win of the Premier League season after they beat Crystal Palace 2-0 at Selhurst Park.
Ings slotted in his second Premier League goal of the season (47') before Hojbjerg's injury-time finish (90+2') gave manager Mark Hughes a long-awaited victory in south London.
Substitute Charlie Austin missed from the penalty spot following a handball by Aaron Wan-Bissaka midway through the second half, but the visitors doubled their lead in injury-time to condemn Palace to their third consecutive loss.
Victory for Southampton means they move up into 10th. Crystal Palace, meanwhile, drop down to 15th.
After a lively opening to proceedings, Southampton had the first real opening to score through Shane Long in the 20th minute. Mohamed Elyounoussi's dinked cross fell to the feet of the Republic of Ireland international, but Wan-Bissaka combined with Mamadou Sakho to block what looked destined to be a certain goal.
Benteke squandered a great opportunity to score his first Premier League goal of the season six minutes later to mark a disappointing first half for the former Liverpool striker. Wan-Bissaka's dangerous cross into the box was missed by Alex McCarthy to present Benteke with a free header, but he nodded wide of the post.
With Southampton dominating the possession battle, they almost took the lead through an own goal as Luka Milivojevic's diving header towards his own net had to be brilliantly parried away by Wayne Hennessey.
Just two minutes into the second half, Ings gave Southampton the lead. A lapse of concentration from Sakho and Martin Kelly allowed Cedric's simple ball over the top to reach Ings, who scored his second goal in a Southampton shirt.
Southampton had the ideal opportunity to go two up when Wan-Bissaka's handball gifted Mark Hughes' side a spot-kick in the 64th minute, but Austin's penalty was saved by Hennessey's boot. Moments later, the Wales goalkeeper produced a fantastic save as he denied Nathan Redmond's close-range effort before Elyounoussi smashed his close-range rebound onto the bar.
Benteke could have levelled the game in the final minute, but his point-blank header was superbly denied by McCarthy's feet. With Palace leaving themselves exposed at the back as they pushed for an equaliser in injury time, Hojbjerg capped off a fast Southampton counter-attack to double their lead - and his first Premier League goal - to secure the visitors a valuable three points.
Luka Milivojevic's superb long-range strike proved to be the difference as Crystal Palace edged past Leicester City with a 1-0 victory at Selhurst Park on Saturday afternoon.
In what was a scrappy affair on a wet day in south-east London, Palace captain Milivojevic produced a moment of magic in the first half, drilling the ball past Kasper Schmeichel from 25 yards.
Leicester improved after the break, but they were denied an equaliser when Palace goalkeeper Vicente Guaita, on his Premier League debut, made a superb save to thwart Jamie Vardy.
Palace held on to take all three points and move up to 15th in the table, five points clear of the relegations zone, while Leicester drop to 11th after suffering back-to-back defeats.
With Wayne Hennessey ruled out due to back spasms, Palace turned to Guaita, who they signed from Getafe on a free transfer last summer, for his league debut and it was almost a start to forget for the Spanish 'keeper.
After taking a heavy touch to control Milivojevic's back pass, Guaita was caught in possession inside his own penalty area by Jamie Vardy, who rolled the ball into an empty net. However, the former England forward was judged by referee Michael Oliver to have fouled the Palace No 1.
Both teams were struggling to create anything of real significance, so when Palace took the lead in the 39th minute it was a goal that came out of the blue.
Townsend picked out Milivojevic 25 yards from goal and the Palace captain had time and space to to bend the ball beyond the dive of Schmeichel and inside the far post.
Leicester improved after the break and they were almost level in the 66th minute. Vardy's pass released Demarai Gray, who found substitute Rachid Ghezzal at the far post, but the winger's first-time shot flashed wide of the target.
Then came Guaita's big moment. Ghezzal's pass picked out fellow substitute Kelechi Iheanacho, who released Vardy clean through on goal. However, the striker's well-struck shot was brilliantly tipped on to the post by the Spaniard, who then collected the rebound after the ball bounced straight back into his hands.
Leicester had one final chance when Martin Kelly's clearance fell kindly to Wilfred Ndidi on the edge of the penalty area, but the midfielder's effort failed to trouble Guaita as Palace held on for victory.
Wilfried Zaha scored on his return from suspension as Crystal Palace drew 1-1 with West Ham at Selhurst Park in the Premier League on Saturday.
West Ham took the lead in a lively first-half through Mark Noble from the penalty spot (27) after goalkeeper Vicente Guaita clattered into Michail Antonio inside the area.
In an entertaining clash where two golden opportunities for Palace to equalise were spurned by James McArthur and Michy Batshuayi, Zaha found the long-awaited leveller in the 76th minute when he sneaked in a deflected strike at Lukasz Fabianski's near post to extend West Ham's winless run to four matches.
A point apiece means West Ham move into 10th on 33 points by goal difference. Palace, meanwhile, have moved up to 13th on 27 points.
West Ham had two good chances to take the lead in quick succession. In the 13th minute, Ryan Fredericks' close-range attempt was stopped by Guaita moments before Felipe Anderson slipped through Robert Snodgrass, whose shot was blocked by the Spanish goalkeeper.
James McArthur unleashed a driven shot from close range in the 16th minute which Fabianski batted away with a strong right hand, but it was West Ham who took the lead in an end-to-end half.
West Ham were correctly awarded a penalty when Guaita clattered into Antonio before Noble sent the 32-year-old 'keeper the wrong way from the spot to score his first goal of the season.
Christian Benteke came close to equalising on the half-hour mark, but Fabianski was there again to make a fine diving stop.
Palace were reinvigorated in the second half and should have taken the lead in the 52nd minute when Patrick van Aanholt slipped through McArthur, but he smashed his effort wide from six yards out.
Batshuayi was introduced midway through the second half and was presented with a glorious chance to send Palace level in the 68th minute, but he swept a similar effort wide of Fabianski's right post.
And with the clock winding down, Palace finally got the goal they were searching for through Zaha, who played a neat one-two with McArthur before his smashed shot off Pedro Obiang deflected into the top corner.
To round off a game of many missed chances, Zaha then had a great opportunity to win the game for Palace in the 80th minute, but his curled strike from a narrow angle was claimed by Fabianski and the points were shared.
Andros Townsend's stunning strike helped Crystal Palace end a run of eight games without a win with a 2-0 victory over Burnley.
James McArthur (16) gave Palace the lead with a left-footed cross that evaded everyone and went in off the far post and, after the hosts bombarded the Burnley goal without success for much of the second half, Townsend (77) found the top corner with a thumping strike to make sure of the points at Selhurst Park.
Burnley offered little as they succumbed to a fifth defeat in six league games and only the woodwork and some wasteful Palace finishing prevented them suffering a far heavier defeat.
The win was Roy Hodgson's side's first at home this season and lifts them to 14th while Burnley remain in the bottom three.
Max Meyer and Wilfried Zaha were lively from the first whistle for Palace and on three occasions in the first 10 minutes they threatened the Burnley goal.
Zaha skipped past Matt Lowton and his fizzed ball across the box was inches away from being converted by Cheikhou Kouyate, the Ivorian midfielder's goalbound shot was then deflected wide by his own team-mate and, a minute later, Meyer's curling effort was tipped round the post by Joe Hart.
Meyer was involved again for the opening goal, his run across the front post drew attention of defenders and goalkeeper and although he was unable to get a touch, McArthur's low left-footed cross bobbled in off the far post.
Burnley were rocked by the goal and Palace could have doubled their lead soon after as Zaha found Patrick van Aanholt, who burst into the box but found the side netting with his shot.
Meyer curled a left-footed shot just wide as half-time approached but if Sean Dyche hoped his side would come out fighting after the break, he was to be bitterly disappointed.
Palace had seen their opponents frailties in the first period and were unrelenting in their attempts to kill them off when play resumed.
Zaha forced another save from Hart after working space in the area and was then presented with an even better chance after Townsend robbed Kevin Long of possession on the halfway line and played in his strike partner, only for Zaha to fire over with just Hart to beat.
Luka Milivojevic dragged a shot wide from 10 yards and McArthur then looked certain to score, only for Charlie Taylor to deny him with a goal-saving block as the pressure continued to build.
The game was almost descending into farce as Zaha bent another fine strike beyond Hart, only to see it come back off the underside of the crossbar but with 13 minutes left, Burnley's luck finally ran out.
Kouyate freed Townsend down the right, the forward cut back inside and from the corner of the box, hammered a shot into the far top corner to secure the points in fine style.
Crystal Palace eased their relegation worries at the expense of Fulham with a comfortable 2-0 victory at Selhurst Park on Saturday.
Luka Milivojevic opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the 25th minute after Cyrus Christie handled in the area under pressure from Christian Benteke.
Fulham failed to test the hosts throughout and their misery was complete when Jeffrey Schlupp doubled Palace's lead in the 87th minute, after Michy Batshuayi's effort was parried into his path.
Fulham came into the encounter hoping to build on their impressive 4-2 midweek victory at home to Brighton, but they were disappointing throughout and, other than Aleksandar Mitrovic's header in the 10th minute, failed to fashion a single effort on target - despite having 63 per cent possession.
Palace's opening goal was of Fulham's own undoing as Christie led with his arm as he challenged Benteke in the box for a header; Milivojevic duly stepped up to convert his 13th Premier League penalty since the start of last season.
Benteke could then have doubled Palace's lead before the interval as his acrobatic bicycle-kick came off the post after an inviting cross from Andros Townsend.
The second half saw Fulham continue to toil in the final third, with Mitrovic cutting a lonely figure and his frustration was clearly evident when he fired well wide in the 76th minute.
Palace substitute Batshuayi played a part in Palace's second, as his parried effort fell into the path of Schlupp who converted.
Arsenal's 11-game winning run came to an end at Crystal Palace, who scored from the penalty spot twice in a pulsating 2-2 draw on Super Sunday.
Luka Milivojevic, who missed a penalty in the defeat at Everton, put Palace in front from 12 yards (45+1) but a stunning free-kick from Granit Xhaka (51) and a controversial Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang goal (56) - Alexandre Lacazette appeared to handle in the build-up - seemed to put Arsenal on their way to a record-breaking 12th straight win in all competitions.
However, Wilfried Zaha teased Xhaka into a debatable foul inside the box and Milivojevic stayed cool once again (83) to register Palace's first point at Selhurst Park this season.
The players sported black armbands with both clubs paying respect to those affected by the helicopter crash at Leicester City.
Palace started brightly with Zaha hitting the post and Andros Townsend firing wide after a free-flowing move down the left wing.
The opening goal came just before the break when Shokrtran Mustafi needlessly tripped Cheikhou Kouyate inside the area. Milivojevic made amends for his miss at Goodison Park, finding the bottom corner with a perfect penalty.
Arsenal responded after the break and were level inside six minutes, Xhaka thumping home a free-kick past Wayne Hennessey from the corner of the box.
The visitors were galvanised by the goal and found their stride. Five minutes later they were ahead, but it was shrouded in controversy.
Lacazette appeared to use his hand to guide the ball towards Aubameyang, who forced the ball towards goal. It looked borderline whether it had crossed the line but goalline technology proved it had by just 11 millimetres.
Arsenal could not find the required quality on the counter to get a decisive third goal and Zaha, who had been a constant menace, provided the game-changing moment with seven minutes remaining.
He teased Xhaka into dangling a leg inside the area and a penalty was awarded. Milivojevic again stepped up and powered an effort into the corner.
Jamie Vardy scored the winner as Leicester City got their festive period back on track with a 1-0 victory at Everton on New Year's Day.
Having beaten Manchester City on Boxing Day, Claude Puel's men suffered a shock home defeat to Cardiff on Saturday but were back on form at Goodison Park.
Vardy - employed as a lone striker but starved of service for long periods - gobbled up the only chance that came his way (58) which grabbed Leicester a deserved three points.
Everton were stifled by an organised Foxes team that restricted the home attackers any space to such an extent it took Marco Silva's men 75 minutes to register a shot on target.
Everton have now lost four of their last five games, while Leicester are up to seventh in the Premier League table.
The opening exchanges were nervy with both teams lacking quality.
Jonjoe Kenny cracked an effort from 20 yards against the corner of the post and crossbar on 19 minutes before Kurt Zouma summed up Everton's frustrations with a wild 30-yard effort.
Leicester's plan to soak up pressure was working a charm and they took the lead just before the hour mark. Michael Keane lost possession deep in his own half and Ricardo Pereira played a through-ball which Vardy gleefully accepted and finished past Jordan Pickford.
Gylfi Sigurdsson fired over the crossbar and substitute Cenk Tosun tested Kasper Schmeichel's palms with a fierce strike but rarely did Everton look capable of opening Leicester up.
In fact, it was the visitors that carried the bigger threat. Minutes after referee Martin Atkinson waved away a penalty claim for handball by Keane following a Harry Maguire header, the England centre-back should have doubled the lead but blazed over from close range.
The Everton players mustered nothing in response and the home fans vented their frustration as they trudged off at full-time.
Manchester City returned to the top of the Premier League after late goals in either half from Aymeric Laporte and Gabriel Jesus secured a 2-0 win at Everton on Wednesday night.
Laporte made up for planting an early header wide by rising to nod David Silva's free-kick beyond Jordan Pickford from eight yards with the last kick of the first half at Goodison Park.
Everton were much improved from their woeful home defeat to Wolves at the weekend but lacked the guile to unlock the City defence and continued to look vulnerable from set pieces, with Leroy Sane also going close from a corner in the first half, while in open play Ilkay Gundogan struck the bar from close range.
After half-time, the visitors controlled possession and always looked the more dangerous, with substitute Gabriel Jesus wrapping up victory in the seventh minute of added time from a perfect slide-rule Kevin De Bruyne pass.
Having trailed by 10 points barely a month ago, the result allowed Manchester City to take advantage of Liverpool dropping four points in two games to go top of the table on goal difference. Jurgen Klopp side's do have a game in hand, but it is away at the Premier League's in-form side Manchester United on February 24, live on Sky Sports.
After Sane had fired wide from the edge of the box when a corner was half-cleared three minutes in, City looked like they were feeling the pressure of the chance to go top and Everton gave as good as they got in the opening stages.
What City lacked in fluid play, down in part to Everton's compact 4-5-1 out of possession, they did make up for in chances and should have made the most of the hosts' woeful record from dead balls when Laporte headed Gundogan's excellent corner to the back post wide when unmarked.
Everton had already conceded a league-high 11 games from set-pieces but City came even closer with their next attack from open play, as David Silva's cutback was turned onto the woodwork by Gundogan, who was no more than eight yards out.
For the most part, the hosts frustrated their visitors while sacrificing their own attacking intent, and looked like they would be vindicated by going in level at the break - only for David Silva to deliver a perfect free-kick into the middle in the dying seconds of the half and Laporte made no mistake in firing the ball home.
Gueye finally gave Ederson something to do after half-time, returning a half-cleared corner goalwards minutes after the break, but the Brazilian goalkeeper was equal to it and saved comfortably.
At the other end, Pickford was nearly caught out twice - first when caught in no-man's land when his punch landed for Sergio Aguero to volley acrobatically inches wide, before a deflected Raheem Sterling shot dropped no more than a foot over his bar with the goalkeeper rooted to the spot.
Everton continued to move the ball well but still struggled to find inroads while Manchester City looked comfortable to see out a 1-0, only to be handed a glorious chance to seal the points in the last minute of seven added on at full-time.
Substitutes De Bruyne and Jesus linked up as the Brazilian timed his run behind the Everton defence to perfection and was fed by a fine through-ball. His first effort was saved by Pickford but only ballooned back up into his path, and he nodded over a despairing Kurt Zouma and into the far corner.
Huddersfield showed their fighting spirit as they earned a deserved point in a 1-1 draw against substandard Everton at Goodison Park.
Philip Billing gave the Yorkshire side the lead after 34 minutes when he headed in his first Premier League goal from Chris Lowe's corner.
But Marco Silva's side equalised within 87 seconds as Dominic Calvert-Lewin rose to head in Lucas Digne's cross from the left.
Huddersfield, who have moved out of the relegation zone and up to 17th position, shaded the second period with neither side coming close to finding a winner, meaning both have now recorded two draws on the bounce.
Everton move up to seventh place but it is a point that will suit Terriers boss David Wagner a lot more, although his side's six shots on target compared to the hosts' one suggests it was they who might count themselves unlucky not to win this encounter.
Everton were without the suspended Richarlison and they missed the Brazilian's trickery even before Theo Walcott was forced off the field through injury early in the second half.
By then, both sides had found the net in a frantic three-minute spell that sparked this niggly contest into life.
Everton have struggled to defend set pieces so far this season, with Wolves, Southampton and Bournemouth all scoring in their three previous matches from such deliveries - and Billing benefited from their latest display of weakness.
Chris Lowe's corner was inadvertently flicked on by Calvert-Lewin at the front post, with the Denmark Under-21 international heading in unmarked from close range.
But Everton's response was immediate. Kurt Zouma fed Digne down the left, and the former Barcelona full-back - on his first Premier Leagure start- cut inside Adama Diakhaby before his cross was headed in by Calvert-Lewin for his third goal of the week.
The 21-year-old scored twice in the 3-1 victory over Rotherham in the Carabao Cup second-round win on Wednesday, and he very nearly completed the turnaround before the interval as he headed over from Walcott's cross when well-placed.
Cenk Tosun, Seamus Coleman and Zouma had all flashed speculative efforts wide of Lossl's goal in a frustrating first half for the hosts, and the closest they came to scoring in the second period fell to Tosun but he headed over from Zouma's hooked cross.
Huddersfield were always dangerous on the counter-attack with Rajiv van La Parra firing over - but neither side had the cutting edge to turn one point into three.
A dogged Newcastle display denied dominant Everton three points as Salomon Rondon's goal earned the visitors a 1-1 draw at Goodison Park.
Rondon fired Jacob Murphy's cross home at the far post (19) in one of several rapid Newcastle counter-attacks before half-time.
But Everton, who dominated possession, levelled when Richarlison was well-positioned to turn in Jamal Lascelles' inadvertent flick-on from a corner with a smart finish into the roof of the net (38).
In the second half, Everton had 17 touches in the Newcastle box and delivered 16 crosses in open play, without forcing visiting goalkeeper Martin Dubravka into anything too taxing as Rafa Benitez's men hung on for a battling point.
Everton controlled the play in the opening stages with Newcastle happy to sit eight men behind the ball at all times, but looking to spring a counter with the hosts' full-backs both regularly out of position.
And they did just that 19 minutes in, when Murphy outpaced Seamus Coleman before whipping a pacey cross across the six-yard box which Yerry Mina missed, and Rondon smashed home at the far post.
Everton huffed and puffed and forced 10 corners before the break, but having supplied consistently poor deliveries in the opening half-hour Sigurdsson improved to find Richarlison, thanks to an accidental flick-on from Lascelles, and his finish was similar to Rondon's at the back stick.
After half-time, Everton enjoyed near-total control but did not force Dubravka into a single save of significant difficulty. Despite winning numerous free-kicks in good positions, Lucas Digne's crossing was appalling and failed to find an Everton man once - while Newcastle still posed an occasional threat on the break.
Christian Atsu forced Jordan Pickford into a stunning low save when he unleashed a powerful 16-yard drive from DeAndre Yedlin's knock down, and he should have won the game in the final minute when played through by substitute Ayoze Perez from a quick throw-in.
The draw moves Newcastle another point away from the bottom three and into 14th, while Everton regain sixth place but are ahead of Manchester United and Bournemouth only on goal difference, and have an eight-point gap to Arsenal in fifth.
West Ham finally won their first Premier League game of the season as Andriy Yarmolenko's first-half double saw them beat Everton 3-1 at Goodison Park on Sunday.
Yarmolenko gave West Ham an 11th-minute lead with his first goal for the club, before doubling the visitors' advantage with a delightful curler just past the half-hour mark.
However, Gylfi Sigurdsson's bullet header gave Everton a lifeline in first-half injury time - the attacker's first league strike since February - only for Marko Arnautovic's third goal of the season to restore his side's two-goal cushion after 61 minutes.
As a result, the Hammers jumped up from the bottom of the table to 16th, while Everton stay in 10th place having won only once so far this campaign.
West Ham may have come into this match still looking for their first points of the season, but Manuel Pellegrini's side started on the front foot at a flat Goodison, their minds perhaps cleared after the recent international break.
The visitors opened the scoring early on as Pedro Obiang and Arnautovic exchanged passes in midfield, before the Spaniard's ball over the top released the forward, who unselfishly squaring for Yarmolenko to sweep home his first goal since December 2017.
Just like waiting for London buses, the Ukraine international - making his first Premier League start since his summer move from Borussia Dortmund - then added a second after 31 minutes.
Jordan Pickford's poor clearance was intercepted by the alert Mark Noble, who found Yarmolenko on the right edge of the area. However, the winger still had a lot of work to do to score, only to cut inside Kurt Zouma and Lucas Digne, before curling an unstoppable effort into the far corner.
With the home fans starting to fret, though, Everton got back into the contest just before the break as Sigurdsson met Jonjoe Kenny's inch-perfect cross from the right with an unstoppable header.
But if the home faithful thought that goal would be a catalyst for a second-half revival, they were mistaken with West Ham the next scorers just past the hour-mark.
Again Obiang and Arnautovic linked up well with a neat one-two on the edge of the area, with the latter finishing confidently, the 12th goal the forward has been involved in for his team in their last 11 away encounters.
Marco Silva, who suffered his first defeat as Everton manager, will no doubt point to a host of chances wasted by out-of-form striker Cenk Tosun, while his replacement in attack - Oumar Niasse - also hit the bar late on.
But anything other than a first league win at the fifth time of asking would have been cruel on Pellegrini, who got the perfect 65th birthday present.

Wolves maintained their recent good form by beating a lacklustre Everton 3-1 at Goodison Park on Saturday.
The visitors made it three Premier League wins in a row thanks to first-half strikes from Ruben Neves (7) - via the penalty spot - and Raul Jimenez (45), separated by Andre Gomes' (27) first-ever goal for Everton.
However, Leander Dendoncker restored Wolves' two-goal advantage with his first goal for the club midway through the second half as Nuno Espirito Santo's side stayed seventh after an eighth win in their last 12 matches.
Everton, though, drop to ninth after a fourth league defeat at home this season as the pressure mounts on boss Marco Silva.
There was a nervousness among the home faithful in the early stages after Everton's recent struggles in front of their own fans - the Toffees had won just one of their previous five league games.
All of which was not helped by Leighton Baines' early concession of a penalty after a clear foul on Matt Doherty, with Neves calmly stroking home the resulting spot kick, just the second time the Portuguese has scored for Wolves from inside the box.
Twenty minutes later and totally out of the blue, Everton drew level thanks to a goal to remember from Gomes, who collected Cenk Tosun's pass, before striding forward and hammering an unstoppable drive into the roof of the net.
The home team, who lost captain Baines to injury before the break, would have got through to half-time on level terms, but for a needless foul by Michael Keane on Diogo Jota.
That allowed Joao Moutinho the opportunity to curl an inviting ball into the area, from which the unmarked Jimenez placed a header past a helpless Pickford for his 11th goal of the season.
If Goodison was muted at the start of the second period, then it was silent when Wolves all but confirmed their win after 66 minutes as the home team were again made to pay for giving away possession near halfway.
Within the blink of an eye, the outstanding Jota was bearing down on goal and despite the forward's effort being blocked, the rebound fell straight to Dendoncker, who thumped home a volley as the visitors confirmed a first win at Goodison in 40 years.
Everton's miserable afternoon was then summed up by a stray black cat who held up play for a full five minutes as ground staff tried, and failed, to catch and remove it from the field of play.
Marco Silva's substitutions made the difference for Everton as they struck late in a 2-0 win over Crystal Palace, who had a penalty saved by Jordan Pickford on Super Sunday.
Pickford triggered memories of England's World Cup adventure as he saved Luka Milivojevic's penalty (60), before Dominic Calvert-Lewin (87) and Cenk Tosun (89) sprung from the bench to grab the hosts a dramatic three points.
Palace's aggressive and organised performance stifled Everton's attacking foursome of Theo Walcott, Gylfi Sigurdsson, Bernard and Richarlison but the introduction of Calvert-Lewin, Tosun and Ademola Lookman turned the game.
The victory means Everton have won three Premier League games on the spin for the first time since January 2017 while Palace remain two points above the drop and face Arsenal, Chelsea, Tottenham and Manchester United in their next four league games.
Wilfried Zaha has scored or assisted 80 per cent of Crystal Palace's Premier League goals this season - and he shifted to play in the lone striker role which gave the visitors a good platform to play off.
Everton struggled to find space against the well-drilled Palace backline, taking 27 minutes to test Wayne Hennessey when Sigurdsson's near post effort was pushed clear.
The best chance of the first-half fell to Cheikhou Kouyate but he flicked his header from close range off the underside of the crossbar.
Palace were growing in confidence and were handed a golden opportunity to take the lead when Seamus Coleman tripped Zaha just inside the area on the hour mark.
Milivojevic has scored nine of his 10 penalties for Palace but squandered this one as his effort down the middle of the goal was blocked by Pickford's leg after he dived to his left.
The save should've sparked a response from Everton but Palace kept their heads and defended their box with great strength with Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Mamadou Sakho particularly impressive.
Everton needed fresh blood and Silva sent on Tosun, Lookman and Calvert-Lewin. In truth, a winning goal didn't look likely until Sakho switched off from a Lookman cross and Calvert-Lewin guided a header home with three minutes left.
Palace then pushed up higher in search of a leveller but got caught by a long ball over the top which was gathered by Tosun and he powered a low finish past Hennessey.

Marco Silva earned a first win as Everton boss as Richarlison's third goal in two games helped them beat Southampton 2-1.
Theo Walcott finished off a well-worked free-kick with 15 minutes on the clock, when Leighton Baines' short pass was played forward from the edge of the box by Morgan Schneiderlin for Walcott to chip Alex McCarthy.
Richarlison continued his bright start in a blue shirt with a second with half an hour gone, as Walcott turned provider to beat Ryan Bertrand down the right and provide a simple cross for the Brazilian to nod home at the near post.
Southampton improved after half-time but Danny Ings' close-range finish from a corner nine minutes into the second half proved a false dawn, as Everton looked more likely to score the next goal - although they will be happy to settle for a first three points of the season.
Set-pieces were the story of much of the game, and even before Everton's first goal had provided a warning shot to Mark Hughes and his side.
Michael Keane and Cenk Tosun both headed Gylfi Sigurdsson deliveries straight at Alex McCarthy, while Charlie Austin nodded wide when unmarked at the opposite end.
Any warning Southampton might have heeded could not have anticipated Everton's opener though, as a short free-kick from Baines was met with a slide-rule pass from Schneiderlin forward to Walcott. He provided a composed finish over an onrushing McCarthy for a brilliantly-executed training ground move.
Ings was then let-off a horrendous miss by the quality of a Jordan Pickford save in keeping out his effort from four yards after the goalkeeper had spilt a tame shot from Cedric into his path.
The ball cannoned up and onto the bar with Pickford's rapid reactions, but he shouldn't have had a chance to make the save.
Instead, after losing Schneiderlin to injury Everton showed a clinical touch to double their advantage when Walcott found space on the right and crossed for Richarlison, who had ghosted inside off the left and out-jumped Cedric to beat McCarthy at his near post.
After half-time Ings did finally get his first goal for his new club, when Mario Lemina nodded on a Bertrand corner to leave him with a simple finish.
But Southampton failed to build on that, and instead Walcott was guilty of passing up the only clear-cut chance left in the game, when Tosun unselfishly returned the ball when well-placed, only for him to scuff it beyond the post with the goal gaping.
Everton continued searching for a third goal but while they could not find it, were in fine form to see off Southampton and pick up their first win of the season.
Lucas Digne's stunning 96th-minute free-kick rescued a point for Marco Silva as his reunion with Watford ended 2-2 on Monday Night Football.
Abdoulaye Doucoure looked to have headed the winner after Seamus Coleman's own goal cancelled out Richarlison's opener against his old club.
Gylfi Sigurdsson then missed a penalty for the second time this season but Watford were denied their first win at Goodison Park as Digne opened his account for the Toffees with a sumptuous effort in stoppage-time.
The draw sees Everton miss the chance to climb back into the top six, they remain seventh, three points and five places clear of Watford in 12th.
It took just 15 minutes for Richarlison to show Watford what they were missing as he peeled into space in the penalty area and applied a clinical finish to Andre Gomes' cutback from the right.
Replays showed Theo Walcott to be in an offside position in the build-up to Richarlison's opener, but the goal was allowed to stand.
Troy Deeney missed a glorious chance to draw Watford level four minutes later when he diverted Domingos Quina's cross over an open goal, although the linesman's flag was already up to spare his blushes.
Both sides had chances before the interval as Pereyra glanced a Ken Sema cross wide on 38 minutes before Sigurdsson's effort was blocked by Craig Cathcart.
Watford returned from the break energised and nearly scored on three occasions early in the second period.
The travelling Watford fans thought Pereyra had hauled them level when he fired a free-kick into the side-netting on 55 minutes. A long throw then fell for Doucoure, who saw a shot inadvertently blocked on the ground by Yerry Mina, before Deeney's shot with the outside of his foot was tipped away by Jordan Pickford.
But Watford finally drew level on 63 minutes when Coleman turned the ball into his own net after Pereyra's shot cannoned back off the post.
And the Hornets completed a remarkable turnaround two minutes later, taking the lead for the first time thanks to Doucoure's towering header.
Everton were handed the chance to restore parity on 68 minutes when Christian Kabasele bundled Mina over in the area, but Sigurdsson's penalty was saved by the legs of Ben Foster.
Watford looked set to return to winning ways after five games without a win but Digne has the final say with virtually the last kick, curling a stunning free-kick beyond Foster to salvage a point.
Tottenham underlined their credentials as title contenders with a pulsating 6-2 victory over Everton at Goodison Park on Renault Super Sunday.
Heung-Min Son and Harry Kane both scored twice in a devastating display of finishing from Mauricio Pochettino's side, which was capped by a stunning 20-yard volley from Christian Eriksen.
Dele Alli was also on the scoresheet as Spurs consolidated third spot by moving five points clear of Chelsea, and closed the gap to leaders Liverpool and Manchester City to six and two points respectively.
Theo Walcott had given Everton the lead on 21 minutes while Gylfi Sigurdsson momentarily threatened to spark a comeback when his second-half strike made it 4-2, but the Toffees, who remain in 11th place, conceded six in the league at home for the first time since August 2014.
Spurs edged the opening exchanges but fell behind against the run of play as Sigurdsson capitalised on some hesitant defending and played the ball forward to Dominic Calvert-Lewin, whose ball into the near post was dispatched by Walcott from 10 yards.
Everton were harshly denied a quick-fire second as Calvert-Lewin's brilliant header into the far corner was chalked off after he was adjudged to have pushed Davinson Sanchez.
Things took a turn for the worse shortly after as Everton gift wrapped Spurs their equaliser. Jordan Pickford unnecessarily raced off his line to clear a ball that Kurt Zouma was dealing with, the pair collided and Son fired into the unguarded net from a tight angle.
One became two for Spurs on 35 minutes when Alli reacted quickest to convert a rebound after Pickford failed to parry a Son shot away from danger, and it was not long until Kane got in on act, stroking Tottenham's third into the net after a Kieran Trippier free-kick came back off the post.
A sumptuous volley from Eriksen just three minutes into the second half took Spurs' tally to four. Sigurdsson pulled one back for the Toffees with a well-taken effort on 51 minutes, but Spurs quickly extinguished any hopes of an Everton revival.
Substitute Erik Lamela threaded Son, who was borderline offside, through on goal, and the South Korean slotted his second past Pickford.
Having got his second, Son turned provider on 74 minutes as he crossed from the left for Kane to convert his second and confirm a miserable afternoon for Everton.
Gylfi Sigurdsson's double helped Everton to a 3-0 win against Fulham after a sparkling second-half performance.
The first half was a mostly drab affair, but Marco Silva's half-time team talk worked as Everton burst into life and Sigurdsson made up for missing a 51st-minute penalty with a curling opener five minutes later.
Cenk Tosun (65) nodded home from close range to double the lead before Sigurdsson (89) scored his second late on to give Everton their first clean sheet this season.
Fulham have still never won a league game at Goodison Park, and remain in 16th place, while Everton move up to 11th spot with nine points.
Fulham were forced into an early substitution after Timothy Fosu-Mensah landed heavily on his elbow, and he was replaced by Cyrus Christie in the eighth minute. The visitors had a good chance to take the lead five minutes later as Ryan Sessegnon pulled the ball back for Andre Schurrle at the top of the area, but he lifted his strike just over the crossbar.
Marcus Bettinelli was twice called into action not long afterwards. He kept out an effort from Kurt Zouma near the back post after Lucas Digne's well-delivered free-kick, although the offside flag was raised against the Frenchman. Bettinelli then denied Theo Walcott, who fired from just outside the area, with Dominic Calvert-Lewin unable to convert the loose ball.
The best chance of the first half came in the 43rd minute. After some patient build-up from Fulham, Jean Michael Seri drove towards the box before flashing the ball through the area. Sessegnon was incoming at the back post and with only Jordan Pickford to beat, he agonisingly put his chipped effort onto the underside of the crossbar before it went wide.
Everton came racing out of the traps in the second half and, after a big miss from Richarlison, the hosts were awarded a penalty in the 50th minute. Denis Odoi nudged Calvert-Lewin over in the area and Sigurdsson stepped up to take it, but saw his effort ping onto the crossbar.
But he redeemed himself six minutes later with a wonderful strike to break the deadlock. Sigurdsson slipped in Jonjoe Kenny, who did well to keep the ball in play on the right and cut it back into the area. Odoi cleared, but only as far as the Iceland international, who curled a beautiful effort around his marker and into the bottom corner.
Ten minutes later, and substitute Tosun doubled the lead. Kenny was involved again, playing Walcott in down the right of the area before the latter put a superb ball across the face of goal. Tosun was waiting at the back post to nod home at point-blank range and score just his second goal at Goodison Park.
Everton continued to dominate and got a deserved third with a minute of normal time to play. Seconds after coming on as a substitute, Bernard broke down the field - bamboozling Andre-Frank Zambo Anguissa on the left flank - before cutting the ball back for Sigurdsson at the top of the area. He then swept the ball home, leaving Bettinelli rooted to the spot as Everton comfortably took all three points.
Richarlison scored twice for Everton as they beat Brighton 3-1 in the Premier League, bringing the Seagulls' winning streak to an end.
Chris Hughton's side had won their last three games heading into Saturday's clash, but were outplayed from the outset, with Richarlison (26) scoring his first in wonderful style.
Lewis Dunk (33) levelled for Brighton, but five minutes after the break Seamus Coleman scored his first goal in almost two years - and an error from Dunk then allowed Richarlison (77) through on goal for his second.
Everton stay in ninth place with 18 points while Brighton drop down to 12th, with the Seagulls yet to win at Goodison Park in any competition after seven visits.
Gylfi Sigurdsson had two great chances to give Everton an early lead. He skewed a shot across the face of goal before firing an effort into the side-netting after a wonderful cross from Lucas Digne.
But Everton did make the breakthrough in the 26th minute. It was a marvellous breakaway from a Brighton corner, with Sigurdsson - who had started the initial break before playing a give-and-go with Bernard - slotting the ball into the path of Richarlison, who lifted the ball over Mat Ryan and into the top of the net.
Seven minutes later, though, and Brighton were level. Alireza Jahanbakhsh played a short corner to Solly March along the left wing, and he then lofted the ball into the box for Dunk to nod home his first goal of the season.
Idrissa Gueye hit the post in the opening three minutes of the second half, with Everton adding their second not long afterwards. It came from nothing as a tussle between Andre Gomes and Beram Kayal saw the ball poked into the path of Coleman, who fired home low and hard to put the hosts back ahead. It was his first goal since scoring against Crystal Palace in January 2017.
Everton continued to see the better of possession and added their third in the 77th minute after a mistake from Dunk. His loose pass for Shane Duffy was intercepted by Richarlison, who turned around the Republic of Ireland international and rounded the oncoming Ryan before slotting home into the empty net.
Jordan Pickford was called into his only save of the game with three minutes to play. After Everton failed to properly clear a Brighton free-kick, Anthony Knockaert slipped the ball down the right flank for Jahanbakhsh, but his effort on the angle was pushed over the crossbar by Pickford's fingertips.
Yerry Mina also made a five-minute debut for Everton at the end of the game - having not featured since his move from Barcelona in August due to injury - and was given a warm reception by the Goodison Park crowd.
Two goals from Callum Wilson and a David Brooks strike helped Bournemouth defeat 10-man Fulham 3-0 at Craven Cottage.
Wilson converted a 14th-minute penalty and added a second five minutes from time, after David Brooks (72) had given the Cherries a cushion.
Fulham ended the game with 10 men after Kevin McDonald received a second yellow for fouling Brooks soon after the second goal.
Slavisa Jokanovic's struggling side, who had only one shot on target, stay 18th, while Bournemouth remain sixth.
Both teams started at a high tempo but it was the visitors who were gifted an opener when Timothy Fosu-Mensah barged Wilson over in the box. The Bournemouth striker dusted himself off to send debutant Rico the wrong way in the 14th minute.
Aboubakar Kamara reacted quickly to a heavy touch from Asmir Begovic in the Bournemouth area to dispossess the goalkeeper only to then immediately throw himself to the floor in the hope of getting a penalty even though Begovic's leg was nowhere near the striker, who was rightly booked.
Fulham struggled to create chances before the break, with the best chance falling to Andre Schurrle who fired a volley from the edge of the box which was palmed to safety by Begovic.
With the hosts chasing the game in the 72nd minute, Brooks made the most of the extra space in the final third, latching onto a pass from Ryan Fraser and slotting the ball between Rico's legs.
Soon after he got the better of McDonald, forcing him to bring him down when heading towards goal to earn his second booking of the match.
Wilson was another to enjoy the space on offer to Bournemouth's attackers, especially when they had the one-man advantage, as he ran beyond the defence to get onto the end of another Fraser pass and fire powerfully beyond Rico from 12 yards.
Paul Pogba scored twice as Manchester United moved into the top four and extended their unbeaten start under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer to 11 games with a 3-0 win at Fulham.
Pogba rifled United into the lead with a devastating near-post finish on 14 minutes before Anthony Martial got in on the act with a brilliant solo effort, reminiscent of Cristiano Ronaldo's strike at Craven Cottage in 2007.
Fulham had started brightly and could have taken the lead through Luciano Vietto and Andre Schurrle, but United's quickfire goals knocked the wind out of their sails, with Pogba adding a third from the penalty spot midway through the second half.
United were 11 points off Champions League qualification when Solskjaer took over in December, but the 10th victory of his interim tenure has moved them into the top four for the first time since the opening weekend of the season. Fulham remain second from bottom, seven points from safety with just 12 games remaining.
With an eye perhaps on Tuesday's Champions League showdown with PSG, Solskjaer made no fewer than six changes, a decision which almost backfired as United took their time to settle and invited early pressure from Fulham.
Vietto should have scored inside two minutes, but he dragged his close-range effort wide from Schurrle's cross, and two minutes later the German blazed over from 12 yards after an Aleksandar Mitrovic header was not sufficiently cleared.
United took full advantage of their reprieve, though, with Martial threading Pogba, who was kept onside by Joe Bryan, through on goal, and the midfielder emphatically fired past Sergio Rico at his near post, inside the quarter-hour mark.
One quickly became two as Martial picked up the ball inside his own half, drove 60 yards to get away from Denis Odoi and Maxime Le Marchand and sent a clinical finish past Rico to put United in control.
Having provided Martial with the ball for his strike, Phil Jones nearly added a goal to his assist with a thunderous left-footed drive, but Rico denied the centre-back his first goal since March 2014.
Calum Chambers' 18-yard drive was thwarted by David de Gea before the break, but Fulham offered little else in terms of an attacking threat before their defensive fragility haunted them once again.
Romelu Lukaku squared the ball to Juan Mata at the end of a dart into Fulham territory and Le Marchand bundled the Spaniard to ground in the area, presenting Pogba with the chance to double his tally from the spot. Rico dived the right way but Pogba's effort found the far corner.
United will face sterner challenges this season, notably PSG on Tuesday, but yet again Solskjaer has proven he is the man with all the answers for United.
Aleksandar Mitrovic's injury-time strike saw Fulham beat Huddersfield 1-0 in the battle of the basement sides at Craven Cottage on Saturday.
There was huge relief for the hosts after Aboubakar Kamara had a late penalty saved by Jonas Lossl, with the substitute having grabbed the ball off top-scorer Mitrovic in order to take the spot kick.
However, that 83rd-minute miss was soon forgotten as Mitrovic drilled home a 91st-minute winner, the Serbian's first goal in seven matches and eighth in total this season.
As a result, Claudio Ranieri's team moved up to 18th in the Premier League and are just a point from safety, while Huddersfield remain bottom of the table.
Huddersfield may have started the better of the two struggling sides, dominating both possession and territory before the break in west London.
It was the home team who created the better openings, though, with leading-scorer Mitrovic twice going close from right-wing corners, only for his far-post headers to miss the target.
Ranieri made a double change at the break and while the switches gave the hosts more attacking edge, the contest appeared to be petering out for a draw, until late drama unfolded down by the Thames.
Firstly, Fulham were awarded a penalty when Chris Lowe was judged to have handled Kamara's shot in the box after Joe Bryan's miss-hit cross had deceived Lossl and hit the bar.
However, following a dispute over who should take the spot kick, with Kamara winning the argument, the substitute then saw his weak effort easily saved by Lossl, diving to his left.
That miss was soon forgotten, though, when in stoppage time the home team launched a swift counter through captain Tom Cairney and Ryan Sessegnon.
From the substitute's wonderful pass, there was the ever-willing Mitrovic to drill the ball through the advancing Lossl's legs and send the Cottage into pandemonium.
Fulham remain bottom of the Premier League table after a 1-1 draw with Claudio Ranieris former club Leicester at Craven Cottage on Wednesday.
Aboubakar Kamara put the hosts in front with his first Premier League goal (43) before James Maddison equalised with a neat finish in the 74th minute.
Fulham had the best opportunity to win the match in the final minute of added time through Denis Odoi, but he flicked his effort from close range over the bar.
The result means Fulham remain at the foot of the table on nine points while Leicester drop down to ninth.
Kelechi Iheanacho spurned a glorious opportunity to give Leicester the lead in the third minute. A mix-up between Jean-Michael Seri and Luciano Vietto allowed Maddison to slip through Iheanacho, but the Nigeria international struck his one-on-one attempt straight into the body of the grateful Sergio Rico.
As Fulham slowly adapted to Ranieri's 4-2-3-1 formation, having played with a midfield diamond against Chelsea on Sunday, their first good chance of the evening landed to Calum Chambers, but the Arsenal loanee's half-volley from close range was superbly parried away by Kasper Schmeichel.
Fulham took the lead through Kamara with three minutes left of the first half to play. Aleksandar Mitrovic's deft flick was latched onto by the French striker, who left 22-year-old Caglar Soyuncu on the floor before he drove his strike into the bottom corner.
Tom Cairney came on after the break and made a strong impact for the hosts. The Scotland international came close to scoring in the 69th minute, but his powerful effort skidded past the post.
And even though Fulham looked likely to extend their lead, Leicester grabbed an equaliser through Maddison who met substitute Shinji Okazaki's pass before he coolly directed his shot into the bottom corner.
With the clock ticking down, Rico had to make a fine double save to deny Maddison before Fulham nearly found a winner in the final minute of added time. Cairney dinked a ball into the path of the unmarked Odoi, but he could not apply the vital finish which meant Ranieri's side had to settle for a point.
Aleksandar Mitrovics late strike rescued a point for Fulham as they drew 1-1 with Watford at Craven Cottage.
Andre Gray gave Watford the lead after just one minute and 27 seconds - the club's second-fastest goal in Premier League history - with his third league goal of the season.
However, Mitrovic equalised for the home team with just 12 minutes to go, the forward's 17th goal since joining the club - initially on loan from Newcastle United - in January, more than any other player in England's top four leagues.
As a result, Watford remain in the top four as their impressive start to the new campaign continues, while Fulham stay 15th in the tabl
Fans were still streaming into a rain-soaked Craven Cottage when the Hornets opened the scoring with the first attack of the game, although it is a goal the Fulham defence will not want to see again.
Firstly, captain Kevin McDonald failed to deal with a simple throw-in, before Gray bullied Jean Michael Seri out of the way, allowing Will Hughes to slip the striker through on goal.
And Gray made no mistake with a composed finish for his fourth goal in his last three matches against Fulham.
The home side were lucky to go in at the break only one goal down after Christian Kabasele and Gray spurned presentable openings, while it could have been even worse had referee Martin Atkinson sent off Timothy Fosu-Mensah for a studs-up tackle on Troy Deeney just past the half-hour mark.
So it was no real surprise when Fulham boss Slavisa Jokanovic replaced Alfie Mawson and McDonald with Denis Odoi and Floyd Ayite at half-time, especially given the former's shaky first-half display.
The double change did manage to slow down Watford's attacking momentum after the interval, but the hosts initially still struggled to create many clear-cut chances.
One of those fell to the man Fulham would have wanted, in-form forward Mitrovic, only for the Serb to head Andre Schurrle's inviting right-wing cross over the bar five minutes into the second period.
But with the clock ticking away, Fulham did get back on level terms and it was that man Mitrovic who was on hand to instinctively flick home Luciano Vietto's ball in from the left edge of the area.
And Mitrovic came within inches of winning the match in the last minute, only for Watford goalkeeper Ben Foster to tip his close-range header onto the bar as Jokanovic was denied a win against his former club.
Romain Saiss' late strike denied Fulham a precious win as Wolverhampton Wanderers left Craven Cottage with a 1-1 draw on Boxing Day.
Ryan Sessegnon came off the bench to open the scoring after 74 minutes, the 18-year-old's first Premier League goal at home for Fulham.
However, Claudio Ranieri's side could not keep hold of the lead, with Saiss levelling matters with a close-range finish with only five minutes left to play.
As a result, Fulham moved off the foot of the table and remain four points from safety, while Wolves stay 10th.
Fulham went into the game on the back of their first clean sheet of the season at Newcastle on Saturday. But that new-found defensive solidity was tested early on when Denis Odoi made a hash of an attempted clearance and handled the ball, although referee Andre Marriner deemed it accidental.
The home side created the better openings before the break, only for Aleksandar Mitrovic to spurn them.
The Serb headed Andre Schurrle's inviting centre just off target when well placed, before somehow failing to get a toe on Cyrus Christie's driven ball across the six-yard box and then shooting too close to Rui Patricio after selling an outrageous dummy to escape Willy Boly.
The visitors will feel their task should have been made easier by the sending off of Calum Chambers but, despite two questionable tackles, the Fulham holding midfielder was only yellow carded once before the break.
Fulham took advantage of that stroke of luck to make a crucial breakthrough with just 16 minutes to go after Alfie Mawson did well to head Jean Seri's lofted free kick across the box, forcing Patricio to punch clear under pressure from Odoi.
However, the ball dropped straight at the feet of Sessegnon, who did well to fire it back through a posse of Wolves players in the six-yard box and into the back of the net.
Fulham's lead lasted just over 10 minutes before Wolves drew level after a lovely team goal involving Joao Moutinho and Ivan Cavaleiro down the left flank, with the latter firing an inviting ball across the six-yard box.
Fellow substitute Helder Costa reached the centre at the far post, with Saiss in the right place to convert from virtually on the line, the Morocco international's first Premier League goal for Wolves.
Mitrovic almost won it in the last minute, only for Wolves captain Conor Coady to scamper back to make a last-gasp goal-line clearance as Fulham's winless run stretched to six matches.


Harry Winks scored a stoppage-time winner as Tottenham came from behind to inflict a crushing 2-1 defeat on Fulham on Renault Super Sunday.
Winks applied the finishing touch to a Georges-Kevin Nkoudou cross in the third minute of added time as Spurs passed their first assignment without Harry Kane and Heung-Min Son.
Fernando Llorente, the man drafted in to replace Kane and Son, handed Fulham the lead with an own goal inside 16 minutes, but Dele Alli spared his blushes, drawing Spurs level six minutes into the second half, before he was forced off with a hamstring injury late on.
Fulham looked to have secured a vital point in their battle against relegation but Winks' first goal since November 2016 saw Spurs beat a side managed by Claudio Ranieri in the Premier League for the first time, deepening their plight towards the foot of the table.
All the talk ahead of kick-off concerned Tottenham's ability to cope without both Kane and Son for the first time in 132 Premier League games, but it was evident early on that it would take some time for Spurs to adjust.
Fulham's recent signing Ryan Babel kicked off an impressive debut performance on 12 minutes when he outmuscled Davinson Sanchez and charged towards the area, where his fierce near-post shot was tipped behind by Hugo Lloris.
From the resulting corner, Denis Odoi shanked a shot wide from a good position but the early chances set the tone, giving Fulham confidence and belief that Spurs could be got at.
Cyrus Christie accepted the invitation to charge forward on the quarter-hour. His cross deflected behind for a corner from which Fulham took the lead as the unsighted Llorente diverted Jean Michael Seri's delivery beyond Lloris.
Llorente had the chance to atone for his clanger on 24 minutes but failed to make clear contact with Jan Vertonghen's deep cross, his effort off the shoulder dealt with by Sergio Rico.
Spurs, who were laboured and short of ideas, were fortunate to reach the interval with just the one-goal deficit as Fulham laid siege to their goal. Babel should have doubled the hosts' tally on 40 minutes but he headed over from Christie's cross.
Andre Schurrle's brilliant volley then drew Lloris into an even better save before Aleksandar Mitrovic's rebound was ruled out for offside, while a last-gasp challenge from Vertonghen prevented Babel from finding the target after a deft back-heel from Calum Chambers.
But after a number of close calls Spurs took just six minutes of the second half to erase Fulham's lead as Eriksen's whipped cross from the right was headed home by Alli at close range.
Fulham saw claims for a penalty turned away when Lloris raced off his line to confront Mitrovic, with referee Craig Pawson confident the Spurs stopper had made clear contact with the ball first.
Danny Rose's deflected shot cannoned off the crossbar on the hour before the England left-back whipped a peach of the cross into the area on 80 minutes. Llorente had another chance to make up for his own goal, this time at the same end, but he glanced wide from five yards.
Fulham looked to have earned a vital point towards their survival bid but it was cruelly snatched away from them as Nkoudou's teasing cross from the left was dispatched by Winks with seconds remaining, leaving the hosts with no time to respond.
Arsenal made it nine wins in a row in all competitions in emphatic fashion with a stylish display in a 5-1 victory at Fulham.
Fulham started brightly but were caught on the counter by Arsenal, with Lacazette finishing superbly in the 29th minute to break the deadlock, before Andre Schurrle levelled things up on the stroke of half-time.
The in-form Lacazette restored Arsenal's lead four minutes into the second half, before Ramsey nonchalantly finished off a flowing move to add a third in the 67th minute, 38 seconds after coming off the bench.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang then got in on the act 11 minutes from time to add a fourth, before he completed the rout in stoppage time as Arsenal moved level on points with Tottenham, while Fulham sit just above the relegation zone in 17th after a second successive league defeat.
Arsenal were sloppy in the opening exchanges, and gifted Fulham the first chance of the match, but Bernd Leno denied Luciano Vietto with a smart stop.
The visitors grew into the match, and soon got themselves in front through Lacazette. Alex Iwobi fed Nacho Monreal down the left flank, Monreal was afforded far too much time to pick out his man, he fed Lacazette, whose brilliant first touch took him away from his marker before firing home.
Fulham responded well but were wasteful in front of goal until Schurrle stepped up with another fine finish. Vietto's through pass was perfect, Schurrle still had plenty to do, but expertly lofted the ball over the onrushing Leno to restore parity.
After the break, however, Fulham had no answer to Arsenal's array of attacking talent, with Lacazette netting the first of four second-half goals, beating Marcus Bettinelli, who had just pulled off a remarkable save to deny Hector Bellerin, with a fierce strike from distance.
Arsenal's third was a contender for goal of the season, and reminiscent of Arsenal of old. There were flicks, slick through passes and brilliantly-timed runs, culminating in substitute Ramsey flicking the ball into the bottom corner from Aubameyang's centre.
Aubameyang had quite the impact from the bench, as he then helped himself to a late double of his own. His first was a superb finish, as he swivelled sharply in the box and fired into the bottom corner, before he slotted home a fifth after carving Fulham open once more in stoppage time to complete a fine afternoon's work.
Aleksandar Mitrovic scored a quick first-half double as Fulham beat Burnley 4-2 to seal their first win of the Premier League season.
The Whites looked the better side from the outset after a thunderous strike from Jean Michael Seri inside three minutes, although Jeff Hendrick (10) got Burnley level not long after.
Two quickfire strikes from Mitrovic (36, 38) ultimately decided the game, but Burnley put the pressure on again when James Tarkowski tapped home in the 40th minute.
The second half saw just the one goal - a strike from Andre Schurrle (83) - as Fulham won their first league game of the season, while Burnley have now gone eight top-flight games without a win.
Seven minutes later and Hendrick got Burnley level. It was a great run down the field from Aaron Lennon, who picked out Hendrick on the left of the area. His initial effort was blocked by the knees of Denis Odoi before he scored the rebound on the angle.
The game looked to be meandering towards half-time when there was a flurry of goals. Mitrovic kicked things off in the 36th minute as Seri played a short corner to Tom Cairney at the top of the box. His curled cross towards the back post was then glanced home by Mitrovic.
He added the second two minutes later as Fulham went on the break with Vietto again involved, whipping a superb ball into the area which Mitrovic again nodded home, this time more emphatically.
There was more to come, though, as Tarkowski pulled one back for Burnley with five minutes of the half to play. Charlie Taylor's corner was nodded back across the area by Ben Mee, allowing his fellow defender to tap home from point-blank range.
There were fewer goals in the second half, but Andre Schurrle rattled the crossbar in the 55th minute, rounding Tarkowski before taking aim. Mitrovic could have completed his hat-trick in the 74th minute, but could not convert Timothy Fosu-Mensah's fizzing cross, ending up in the back of the net himself.
After plenty of shots, Schurrle finally made the breakthrough in the 83th minute to round off the win. Mitrovic did well in the build-up, seeing his strike ping off the crossbar, but the rebound landed at the feet of the German who fired home.
Wilfried Zaha handed Crystal Palace a hard-fought 1-0 victory over Huddersfield Town at the John Smith's Stadium.
Zaha was a doubt for the game after missing Palace's 2-0 defeat against Southampton with a groin injury, but he was fit enough to start and ultimately proved the difference between the two sides.
Huddersfield dominated for large periods but they lacked a killer edge in front of goal, with Steve Mounie missing a great chance with a header in the first half, and Aaron Mooy rattling the post with a volley in the second.
Victory for Palace means they have ended their run of league defeats while Huddersfield still await their first victory of the season.
Huddersfield's gameplan throughout revolved around spraying the ball out wide to their wing-backs and whipping in crosses, and it almost worked perfectly after 17 minutes.
The influential Mooy found Chris Lowe on the left wing and his inch-perfect cross was met by Mounie in the middle but he could only direct the ball over the bar with Wayne Hennessey completely stranded.
Tempers started to flare midway through the first half with Lee Mason reaching for his pocket three times to caution James McArthur, Zanka Jorgensen and Zaha in quick succession.
Zanka's yellow came for a cynical foul on Zaha and moments later the Palace talisman let his frustrations get the better of him by barging into Florent Hadergjonaj long after the ball had been played. That incident resulted in Zaha emerging as enemy No 1 in the eyes of the Huddersfield fans but he soon silenced their boos with a sensational solo strike.
After playing a one-two with Jordan Ayew in Huddersfield's half, Zaha embarked on a slaloming run down the left before skipping inside Hadergjonaj and bending an unstoppable shot into the far corner from an acute angle.
To their credit, Huddersfield responded well to going behind and continued to dominate proceedings after the interval. Right on the hour mark they went agonisingly close to equalising when Mooy re-adjusted his body before firing a technically perfect volley onto the foot of the post with Hennessey saving the subsequent rebound attempt from Hadergjonaj.
Palace always looked a threat on the counter-attack and they could have settled it when Andros Townsend led a quick break, before teeing up Ayew who miscued his shot with Zaha blazing the loose ball well over the bar.
Soon after, McArthur missed another good opportunity on the counter after being teed up by Zaha while Cheikhou Kouyate had a goal ruled out for a foul on Lossl.
With virtually the last kick of the game, Phillip Billing volleyed towards goal but McArthur toe-poked it just wide to ensure that Palace came away with a vital three points.
Mohamed Salah's first goal in five club games was enough to steer Liverpool to a 1-0 victory against a Huddersfield side who remain without a win after nine Premier League games.
Liverpool's only shot on target all match proved to be the winner as Salah latched on to Xherdan Shaqiri's through ball (24) to score his 50th goal in English football.
Jonathan Hogg hit the woodwork soon after, but it was as close as Huddersfield came to levelling, with David Wagner's side now without a home goal in five league games this season.
The result leaves Huddersfield in 19th on three points, while Liverpool move back up to second behind leaders Manchester City on goal difference.
With Jurgen Klopp handing Daniel Sturridge and Adam Lallana their first starts of the season, it was a slow start to proceedings at the John Smith's Stadium as Liverpool struggled with their link-up play in the final third.
However, that was corrected midway through the half, as Shaqiri found Salah in a pocket of space before the Egyptian poked it across Jonas Lossl to score his fourth goal of the season.
Salah's strike was ultimately the only shot on target all half, though Huddersfield did come close when Hogg's fierce strike from 25 yards hit the post.
And the home side will feel they were denied a first-half penalty when the ball brushed both James Milner's thigh and hand, and soon after they saw a goal ruled out for offside when Alex Pritchard strayed just off before dinking an effort over Alisson.
After the break, a header from the backtracking Laurent Depoitre forced Alisson into his only save of the match 10 minutes into the second half.
The game continued at a leisurely pace, and it was Salah who then spurned Liverpool's best chance of the half when stroking an effort wide of Lossl's far post.
Huddersfield's big opportunity came with 10 minutes to go, but after Virgil van Dijk and Dejan Lovren failed to clear a cross, Steve Mounie could only fire over from 10 yards out.
Salomon Rondon's second-half goal lifted Newcastle six points clear of the bottom three with a 1-0 win at Huddersfield.
Rondon swept home a lovely Javier Manquillo ball across the box for the only goal of the game to finish off a well-worked counter-attack 10 minutes after half-time, but Newcastle found themselves on the back foot for the majority of the match at the John Smith's Stadium.
Huddersfield enjoyed more than 70 per cent of possession across the 90 minutes, but some strong defending and toothless attacking play contributed to a quiet afternoon for Newcastle goalkeeper Martin Dubravka.
The visitors should have had a second from another counter when Ayoze Perez was played clean through and lifted the ball over Jonas Lossl before being wrongly denied by the offside flag, but the decision had little significance on the result as Newcastle held firm for a first win in four.
Huddersfield dominated proceedings from the off but lacked a cutting edge, a recurring theme for David Wagner's side this season, and could not offer Laurent Depoitre any kind of quality service.
The one clear chance he did get he volleyed over from eight yards when found unmarked by a Christopher Lowe corner, but that was the closest they came before half-time.
At the other end, Lossl took a whack when diving at Christian Atsu's feet when the winger got away from impressive debutant Juninho Bacuna, and was also alert to keep out Schar when he was played in over the top from a free-kick, and arrowed an effort at the near post.
Atsu was back at it after half-time, firing first-time at Lossl who showed good reflexes to palm away, but two minutes later he could do nothing to keep out a fine counter-attack which was slotted in by Rondon, but owed so much to a fine curled pass to the far side from Manquillo, who had raced from his own half to pick up Ayoze Perez's pass.
Lowe forced a rare diving save from Dubravka moments later from 25 yards, and from the rebound Florent Hadergjonaj appeared to be pushed in the back by Kenedy inside the area, only for the offside flag to curtail his shouts for a penalty.
It was another flag which would wrongly deny Newcastle a second goal on the break, when Atsu bent the ball around Christopher Schindler and into Perez's path, but after lifting it beyond Lossl his strike was chalked off before replays showed he had been in line with the last man.
Huddersfield attempted a late onslaught but their possession rarely looked like turning into anything more threatening, as they were consigned to a fourth consecutive defeat to stay third bottom.
Harry Kane struck twice at the John Smith's Stadium for the second season running to hand Spurs a 2-0 win over Huddersfield and lift his side into the top four.
Much has been made of Kane's indifferent form at the start of this season but he looked as sharp as ever when leaping high to head home Kieran Trippier's pinpoint cross from the right after 25 minutes.
Less than 10 minutes later, Kane grabbed his and Spurs' second from the penalty spot after Florent Hadergjonaj had upended Danny Rose with a clumsy challenge.
Spurs have now won their last three matches in all competitions following a three-game losing streak and head into their midweek clash against Barcelona in good spirits, while Huddersfield remain without a Premier League win this season.
The visitors rather sleepwalked their way into the game but they still had two great opportunities to score inside the opening 10 minutes. Rose was almost the unlikely provider of the game's opener when he headed a Trippier cross just wide, before Kane's attempted chip moments later was well smothered by Jonas Lossl.
It wasn't long before Spurs did go in front, however. After being forced wide inside the area, Lucas laid the ball off to Trippier who whipped a devilish ball into the box for Kane to power a header into the ground and beyond Lossl. It was the seventh goal that Trippier has assisted for Kane since the start of last season - more than any other combination in the division.
To compound matters, Terence Kongolo was forced off injured in the immediate aftermath of Kane's opener and his replacement Hadergjonaj gave away a soft penalty just a few minutes after coming on when he tangled with Rose. Kane stepped up, sent Lossl the wrong way and smashed his penalty into the net to move into fifth place in the club's all-time top scorers list with 145.
Huddersfield were inches away from pulling one back in first-half stoppage time and, had they done so, the whole complexion of the game may well have changed. Chris Lowe's delivery from the byline was met with a thundering volley from Laurent Depoitre but the Belgian was mightily unfortunate to see his effort bounce off the underside of the bar and out, with goalkeeper Paulo Gazzaniga well beaten.
The second half largely passed by without incident although Gazzaniga had to be on his toes to keep out a goalbound effort from substitute Isaac Mbenza late on, while Son Heung-Min and Lucas were both guilty of squandering decent counter-attacking opportunities for the away side.
Spurs held onto their win pretty comfortably in the end, although Mauricio Pochettino will be concerned at having to bring off both Jan Vertonghen and Mousa Dembele at half-time ahead of their huge midweek game against Barcelona, with Dele Alli ruled out and Christian Eriksen doubtful.

Felipe Anderson struck late on to secure a hard-earned point for West Ham against Huddersfield at the John Smith's Stadium.
Huddersfield enjoyed the perfect start when Alex Pritchard became their first player to score a home goal this season with a well-taken effort after six minutes.
However, Anderson drew the visitors level with 16 minutes remaining when he smashed a left-footed shot into the roof of the net following a goalmouth scramble.
The result means that Huddersfield remain in the relegation zone while West Ham stay13th after failing to capitalise on Brighton's slip-up against Cardiff.
Fresh from their morale-boosting first win of the season against Fulham on Monday night, Huddersfield started the game in confident mood and only a combination of Lukasz Fabianski's fingertips and the crossbar denied Steve Mounie's header flying in with three minutes gone.
Just a minute later West Ham had a fantastic opportunity of their own when Marko Arnautovic found himself in acres of space inside the Huddersfield half after being picked out by Grady Diangana but his low strike was diverted past the post by an onrushing Jonas Lossl.
Huddersfield fans have had to wait a long time to see one of their own players score a goal at the John Smith's stadium, 726 minutes to be precise, but they finally had a goal to cheer about when Pritchard capitalised on some sloppy defensive play by West Ham to fire beyond Fabianski from the edge of the box.
The hosts nearly doubled their advantage on the quarter hour mark when Phillip Billing's intended cross from the left wing sailed over Fabianski's head and thundered off the inside of the far post, but they were dealt a blow just before half-time when Chris Lowe had to be replaced after suffering a shoulder injury.
Huddersfield were much the better side in the first half and Manuel Pellegrini made a change at the break to stem the tide with Javier Hernandez introduced for Diangana. The Mexican international almost made an immediate impact just after the restart when his shot was blocked by Lossl before he headed the rebound onto the roof of the net.
Eventually, West Ham did draw level through Anderson's third goal in two games. There was an almighty scramble inside the Huddersfield area with Hernandez and another substitute Michail Antonio both denied by blocks before the loose ball dropped to Anderson who fired a shot into the top corner beyond four Huddersfield defenders on the line.
Moments later, West Ham were inches away from taking the lead as Issa Diop's thunderous header was brilliantly cleared off the line before Laurent Depoitre almost snatched a win for the hosts in the dying minutes of injury time when he somehow failed to get a touch on an Isaac Mbenza cross into the box.
Alex Iwobi and Alexandre Lacazette gave Arsenal an unconvincing 2-1 win at Huddersfield to keep their top-four chase on track.
Iwobi opened the scoring against the run of play when his deflected effort from Sead Kolasinac's cross was palmed into the corner of his net by Ben Hamer (16).
Huddersfield controlled possession for large periods of the game but nothing would fall for them inside the Arsenal area, and instead Lacazette doubled the lead just before half-time when turning in Ainsley Maitland-Niles' low cross from close range (44).
The spirited hosts, who had lost 11 of their last 12, never gave up and finally got their reward in the third minute of added time in the second half when Kolasinac turned Adama Diakhaby's shot into his own goal, but it was not enough to stop Arsenal pulling back within a point of fourth-placed Manchester United.
Arsenal arrived looking to arrest a run of three away defeats in a row, but found Diakhaby's raw pace in behind Kolasinac tough to deal with early on.
The familiar problem of a poor final ball still dogged the hosts however, and instead Arsenal went ahead with their first real chance when Kolasinac's excellent cross was met on the half-volley by Iwobi, but a deflection off Kongolo wrong-footed Hamer who could only push the ball inside the side netting.
Huddersfield failed to register a shot on target before half-time but looked like having something to build on with the break approaching, until their hopes were dashed a minute before the interval when Maitland-Niles found space on the right with Kongolo out of position, and his low ball in left Lacazette an easy finish.
After the break Huddersfield looked more dangerous but were close to getting caught out again as they committed men forward, with Iwobi denied by the onrushing Hamer and Christopher Schindler's excellent challenge stopping Lacazette from scoring his second.
At the other end, Diakhaby forced smart saves from Bernd Leno with two efforts from the edge of the area and substitute Erik Durm's cross was deflected onto the bar.
But just as the hosts looked to see their hard work and improvement on recent performances unrewarded, Leno failed to deal with another Diakhaby effort which bounced off him and goalwards, only for Kolasinac to poke it into his own goal under pressure from Laurent Depoitre.
Steve Mounie's contentious red card proved the turning point as Brighton came from behind to win 2-1 at Huddersfield.
An eventful game saw its first goal inside the opening minute, when Bruno's skewed clearance landed in his own area and was headed in by Mathias Jorgensen with only 54 seconds played.
Mounie was then shown a straight red by Michael Oliver for a high challenge on Yves Bissouma, which looked unintentional but left a mark halfway up the midfielder's lower leg.
Brighton failed to press their advantage until the final seconds of the first half when Shane Duffy nodded in Solly March's cross (45+4), and later on he turned provider again as Florin Andone scored his first goal for the club from another header (69) which would prove to be the winner.
Huddersfield went into the game on a high after picking up seven points from their last three games and they started in the best possible style with a first-minute goal. Philip Billing's long throw was cleared as far as Bruno, who attempted to hook the ball clear but lifted it back into his own box, where Jorgensen stole a march on Bissouma to head beyond a stranded Mat Ryan.
The hosts were cruising with Brighton as poor as they have been for some time - their passing off colour and looking devoid of ideas. But the visitors were handed a huge lifeline when Mounie left a foot in on Bissouma and was, perhaps harshly, shown a straight red by Oliver.
Brighton did little to press home their advantage but, in the fourth and final minute of first-half injury-time, they levelled when a short Bruno corner was crossed by March onto the head of Duffy, who met it with a crisp header into the far corner.
Brighton never really looked back following the restart and, after Huddersfield boss David Wagner chose to withdraw Alex Pritchard for Laurent Depoitre, the hosts lost most of their creativity.
The Seagulls pressed for most of the second period but Huddersfield frustrated them well for 25 minutes, until Andone got across Jorgensen to nod in March's brilliant cross from the right.
It could have been 10 versus 10 when Brighton substitute Leon Balogun was perhaps lucky not to see red for his follow-through on Erik Durm late on, but Albion held on to claim their first Premier League win when conceding first, and move up to 11th in the table.
Ashley Barnes struck the winner as Burnley came from behind to beat 10-man Huddersfield in the Premier League on Wednesday night.
Huddersfield had taken the lead at the John Smith's Stadium through Steve Mounie, but Chris Wood levelled up for Burnley before Christopher Schindler picked up a second yellow card before the break.
Barnes then punished the Terriers with 16 minutes to go, as they were condemned to an eighth-straight league defeat for the first time in their history.
It started so well for Huddersfield as, at the 21st time of asking this season, one of their strikers found the back of the net. Isaac Mbenza whipped a superb ball in from the left and Mounie was there to head the ball past Tom Heaton.
Their lead didn't last long. Dwight McNeil scored at the weekend after being recalled by Sean Dyche and the teenager made his mark again here after 40 minutes.
He twisted and turned away from his man before firing a low ball across the six-yard box to find Wood, who snuck ahead of his marker to turn the ball home.
And it went from bad to worse for Huddersfield just a minute later as Schindler, who had gone into the book on the half-hour mark for tripping Wood, received his marching orders for bringing down McNeil on the edge of the area.
Burnley struggled to break down Huddersfield as they pushed for a winner, but finally they found their way through as Wood and Ashley Westwood combined before the latter fed Barnes, and he took a touch before bending the ball past Jonas Lossl.
There was time for some late drama as Brady, who was introduced as a second-half substitute, hacked down Mbenza from behind as Huddersfield attempted to break and was shown a straight red card by referee Mike Dean.
Michael Obafemi's first goal for Southampton put the seal on a 3-1 victory at Huddersfield, earning new manager Ralph Hasenhuttl back-to-back wins.
Looking to build on last weekend's thrilling victory over Arsenal, Nathan Redmond edged the visitors in front as early as the 15th minute, finishing well for his first goal of the season, and the home side found themselves two goals down three minutes before the break, with Danny Ings winning a penalty before converting from the spot with aplomb.
Out of nowhere, Philip Billing rifled a strike into the net in the 58th minute to get the hosts back in the contest, before Obafemi became the youngster player from the Republic of Ireland to score in the Premier League when sealing victory in the 71st minute.
The result means Huddersfield remain with just one home win all season as they sit 19th, four points from safety, while victory sees Southampton climb to 16th, three points clear of the relegation zone.
After another disappointing home defeat last weekend against Newcastle, the home fans were expecting more pre-match, but soon saw their side fall behind once more with just 15 minutes on the clock.
Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg threaded a lovely through pass for Redmond, who let the ball run into his path before lifting the ball over the onrushing home goalkeeper Jonas Lossl.
Redmond was causing all kinds of problems for the home defence and only some timely interceptions prevented him from causing more damage, but Saints did not have to wait too long for their second goal, with Ings felled in the box by a clumsy challenge from Mathias Jorgensen, before getting up to convert his third penalty of the season. After the break, Huddersfield raised their game, but still struggled to create any openings of note before Billings shocked Saints with his long-range strike, with the swerve getting the better of Alex McCarthy in the visitors' goal.
McCarthy was then forced into a smart save to deny Isaac Mbenza, before Obafemi came off the bench to make sure of the win, stroking the ball home after Redmond had stolen the ball off Christopher Schindler before teeing up the youngster.
Steve Mounie's close-range miss late in the day summed up Huddersfield's afternoon, as they go into a clash with Manchester United without a win in five league games.

Victor Camarasa's superb injury-time strike gave Cardiff their first Premier League away win of the season as they beat Leicester 1-0 on Saturday.
The game looked to be heading for a goalless draw when the Real Betis loanee curled home from just outside the area in the 92nd minute, giving Cardiff their first three points on the road.
Leicester had a penalty saved in the 75th minute, with James Maddison - who was tugged back by Sean Morrison - seeing his spot-kick pushed away by Neil Etheridge before Sol Bamba helped clear the rebound.
Cardiff have now moved up a place into 16th - two places and four points ahead of the drop zone - while Leicester drop a place into eighth.
It was nearly a terrible start for Cardiff as Greg Cunningham went close to scoring an own goal inside six minutes. Demarai Gray slipped the ball through for Marc Albrighton, with Cunningham getting ahead of the latter. However, his touch back to Etheridge was heavy, missing the goalkeeper and just trickled past the far post.
Not long after and Maddison went close. He rounded Aron Gunnarsson and Harry Arter in the middle of the park before driving towards goal. With five goals so far this season, he tried his luck, and forced Etheridge to tip it around the post.The Cardiff goalkeeper was the busier of the two in the first half, and made two fine saves in quick succession. Ricardo Pereira scored a stunning goal against Man City on Boxing Day and went close again in the 27th minute, but Etheridge leapt to keep it out. Not long after, Maddison tested him with a curling free-kick but he was once again there to deny him.
The second half began in the same vein with Etheridge keeping Leicester at bay. Just minutes after the restart, the goalkeeper got down low to stop a shot from Pereira before Cardiff nearly scored in their own net once again. Gray fired in a cross from the left flank and Morrison got there ahead of any Leicester players to see it away, although could well have diverted it past Etheridge.
Cardiff tested Kasper Schmeichel for the first time in the 67th minute. Caglar Soyuncu's mistake allowed Josh Murphy to burst forward before striking, but the Leicester goalkeeper got down low to save. Not long after, Junior Hoilett struck, but his effort pinged off the foot of Harry Maguire before Murphy put the rebound wide.
Leicester were awarded a penalty in the 74th minute after Morrison tugged the shoulder of Maddison and sent him to ground. With Jamie Vardy substituted not long before, Maddison took the penalty, but Etheridge went the right way to save before Bamba managed to get the ball away from the feet of Maddison - who was poised to strike - with a superb clearance.
Cardiff then snatched the victory in the second minute of four added on. Rachid Ghezzal was dispossessed by Arter on the left-hand side, with the Cardiff midfielder picking out Bobby Reid in the area. He then cut it back for the waiting and unmarked Camarasa, who curled home a wonderful strike into the top far corner to give the visitors their first away win of the Premier League season.
Dele Alli scored his 50th goal for Tottenham as Mauricio Pochettino's side moved back up to third in the Premier League with a 2-0 win over Leicester at the King Power Stadium.
Spurs, who started the game in fifth after Arsenal's last-gasp win over Huddersfield and Chelsea's victory over Manchester City, started with Harry Kane and Christian Eriksen on the bench but Heung-Min Son's superb strike on the stroke of half-time put them on course for victory.
Son was involved in his side's second, teeing up Alli, who headed home to bring up a half-century of Spurs goals and secure a routine win.
It was a tight affair with chances few and far between until just before the half-time interval. Wes Morgan produced an outstanding last-ditch tackle to halt Alli's burst into the penalty area, but minutes later Spurs were in front.
Son received the ball 20 yards from goal from Serge Aurier and shifted it past Nampalys Mendy before curling home a sublime effort beyond the dive of Kasper Schmeichel.
The visitors went straight for a second after the interval and Leicester needed Morgan to deflect Son's drive wide following a poor Schmeichel clearance.
Hugo Lloris then put in a poor clearance of his own but Ben Chilwell drilled wide of the upright after bursting into the penalty area.
However, the hosts were further behind in the 58th minute. Ben Davies' pass found Lucas Moura in space and he released Son, who crossed for Alli to head in at the far post.
It was the England international's 50th goal for the club - having opened his Spurs account at Leicester in 2015.
Aurier wasted a free header as Spurs chased a third and, surprisingly, Eriksen and Kane were given late cameos as the visitors comfortably held on.
Wilfred Ndidi netted a fortunate late leveller for Leicester in a 1-1 draw against West Ham, who had Mark Noble sent off in the first half.
Fabian Balbuena had put the Hammers into a first-half lead (30) but their momentum was lost when Noble was dismissed eight minutes later for an ugly lunge on Ndidi.
Leicester dominated the second period but couldn't find a way through a brave West Ham defensive performance until Ndidi's 25-yard effort deflected into the top corner via the backside of Balbuena.
Angelo Ogbonna missed a glorious chance in injury time for the Hammers but the game ended on a sour note as Leicester full-back Daniel Amartey was carried off, requiring gas and air, after suffering what looked a serious leg injury.
The late equaliser spared boss Claude Puel further scrutiny, who decided to drop Jamie Vardy from his starting line-up despite the striker declaring himself "back to full strength" on Instagram a day after suffering a stomach complaint in the defeat at Arsenal.
West Ham controlled the game after a fast start by Leicester and got their noses in front on the half hour.
Felipe Anderson found Declan Rice from a set-piece and his header across the area was met by Balbuena but his diving header hit the inside of a post. The defender reacted quickest to the rebound though and fired home from close range.
Leicester looked lost for ideas but the game changed when Noble was dismissed.
The West Ham captain slid in recklessly on Ndidi's shin and referee Michael Oliver was on the spot quickly to brandish the red card.
With Leicester now having an extra-man, Puel sent on Vardy at half-time but he didn't look his sharpest in front of goal, heading over a fabulous chance on 58 minutes.
Leicester pinned West Ham back and Lukas Fabianski made a fine double save to deny Marc Albrighton before Harry Maguire then saw a header clip the top of the crossbar.
Despite their endeavour, Leicester didn't create a golden chance and Hammers substitute Angelo Ogbonna let them off the hook on 85 minutes, heading wide from eight yards out.
Ndidi punished the visitors as the clock ticked into added time when his strike from range took a huge deflection off Balbuena and flew into the top corner.
There was still time for Ogbonna to blaze over from close range and Amartey to be carried off on a stretcher needing oxygen after twisting his lower leg.
Gylfi Sigurdsson's sensational 77th-minute strike earned Everton a 2-1 win over 10-man Leicester City at the King Power Stadium.
Richarlison gave the visitors the lead after seven minutes as he tapped home from Bernard's cross but Ricardo Pereira levelled with five minutes remaining of the first half.
Wes Morgan was sent off for a second bookable offence just after the hour-mark and it proved the turning point as Everton made the numerical advantage count.
Sigurdsson collected Kurt Zouma's pass before bending an unstoppable right-foot shot into the top corner to notch his 50th Premier League goal and help Everton move up to 11th, level on points with Leicester.
Silva handed Bernard his first Premier League start and his decision was vindicated when the Brazilian cut inside Daniel Amartey and found Richarlison, who tucked the ball inside the post for his fourth goal of the season.
Everton missed the opportunity to extend their lead after 30 minutes as Theo Walcott lost his footing while attempting to dribble past Harry Maguire before Jamie Vardy flicked a shot wide when put clean through moments later.
Leicester levelled when Everton were caught out from their own attacking corner. Pereira played a one-two with Kelechi Iheanacho before turning Jonjoe Kenny inside out and firing inside Jordan Pickford's near post.
Leicester made the brighter start to the second period, with Ben Chilwell cutting inside before curling his shot a yard wide, but Claude Puel's men lost all momentum when Morgan was dismissed.
The captain had already been booked for an early foul on Richarlison when he caught the Everton forward once more, leaving referee Andre Marriner with little choice but to brandish a second yellow.
Silva looked to find a winner as Cenk Tosun was introduced, moving Sigurdsson deeper - and the move paid dividends.
The Iceland international picked up the ball 30 yards out before turning inside James Maddison and unleashing a sublime shot beyond Schmeichel into the top corner.
Wilfried Zaha scored twice as Crystal Palace beat Leicester 4-1 at the King Power Stadium in the Premier League on Saturday evening.
Michy Batshuayi, on loan from Chelsea, scored his first goal in a Palace shirt five minutes from half-time, but Jonny Evans grabbed an equalising Leicester goal in the 64th minute from close range.
Zaha gave Palace the lead again with a tidy finish (70) before Evans' evening took a turn for the worse when he tripped up Jeffrey Schlupp in the penalty box, allowing Luka Milivojevic to convert from the spot (81).
Zaha scored his second - and Palace's fourth - in injury-time (90+3) to mark a memorable evening for the away support at the King Power Stadium.
Roy Hodgson's side have extended their unbeaten run to six matches and move up into 13th on 30 points. Leicester remain in 12th - two clear of the south London club.
Leicester won the possession battle early on and created their first goalscoring chance in the ninth minute. Harvey Barnes whipped a cross into the box from the left flank which Jamie Vardy met, but his near-post header flew narrowly over the bar.
The half became increasingly scrappy, with Palace committing eight fouls in the opening 45 minutes, but it was the visitors who took the lead against the run of play.
Five minutes from half-time, James McArthur attempted an audacious half-volley from around 35 yards out which Batshuayi was able to re-direct with an outstretched leg into the bottom corner.
Leicester continued their possession dominance into the second half and it finally paid off when Evans levelled the match in the 64th minute. Christian Fuchs' long throw saw the ball eventually drop to Barnes, who drilled the ball across the goalmouth for Evans to turn in with a poacher's finish.
Six minutes later and Palace re-took the lead through Zaha as James McArthur showed great composure to dink a ball into the unmarked Ivory Coast international's path before he slotted the ball home on the volley.
Leicester pushed for an equaliser, but Palace created some breathing space when Milivojevic sent Kasper Schmeichel the wrong way from the penalty spot, nine minutes from time, after Evans brought down Schlupp in the box.
And as the hosts piled more men forward in added time, Palace punished Leicester on the counter-attack as substitute Jordan Ayew's pace was too much for the Leicester backline. He teed up Zaha who smashed in his second goal of the night.
Jamie Vardy and James Maddison's first-half goals gave Leicester a 2-0 win over Watford in the Premier League on Saturday, as the visitors winless run extended to four games.
Vardy put the hosts ahead at the King Power Stadium with a penalty after 12 minutes, his third successful effort from the spot this week, after being brought down by Watford goalkeeper Ben Foster.
Maddison netted a wonderful second 11 minutes later, while Watford were wasteful in front of goal and have now scored just once in their last four Premier League outings.
Their afternoon got worse in the 90th minute when Etienne Capoue saw a straight red card after a studs-up challenge on Kelechi Iheanacho, with Watford now slipping down a place into 10th while Leicester have moved up to seventh.
Leicester were awarded a penalty early on as Vardy had his legs swiped out from underneath him by goalkeeper Foster. He pleaded his case with referee Graham Scott but the penalty stood, which Vardy dispatched with aplomb to put the hosts ahead.
A vintage Leicester counter-attack then resulted in them extending their lead. Marc Albrighton strode down the right-hand side before picking out Maddison with a lofted cross. The midfielder took three touches to take the ball around Adrian Mariappa before sweeping home past Foster, who was left rooted to the spot.
Leicester could have added another in the 35th minute, but Demarai Gray's shot from 25 yards whistled past the post, taking a nick on the way through for a Leicester corner. It was Watford who then hit their hosts with a counter-attack after clearing the set-piece, but Isaac Success' attempt to chip over the oncoming Kasper Schmeichel went high over the crossbar.
Watford twice went close not long after the restart. Ricardo Pereira got ahead of Success to put a Gerard Deulofeu cross into the hands of Schmeichel. The goalkeeper collected the ball again not long after, with Deulofeu picking out Roberto Pereyra but his sweeping strike was straight at Schmeichel.
Leicester's best chance of a half came in the 58th minute as Pereira slipped in Gray down the right of the box but the winger's thunderous strike on a tight angle smashed the crossbar before going out for a throw-in.
The visitors ended the game with ten men as Capoue was given a straight red card in the final minute of normal time. He launched into a two-footed challenge on Iheanacho with his studs showing, although he did get the ball as the Leicester striker went over. But as Capoue got to his feet, referee Scott sent him off, meaning he will now miss the next three domestic fixtures.
Manchester City fell seven points behind Liverpool in the Premier League title race as Ricardo Pereira's late stunner gave Leicester a 2-1 victory at the King Power Stadium.
The Portuguese defender fired brilliantly into the far corner from 20 yards from a cleared corner, meaning City have picked up just three points from their last four games.
They did take the lead through Bernardo Silva's seventh of the season after Sergio Aguero's deft pass (14), but Leicester levelled shortly after through Marc Albrighton's controlled header from Jamie Vardy's pinpoint delivery (19).
Then came Pereira's strike (81), before Fabian Delph was sent off for a studs-up challenge on Pereira (89), and with Liverpool beating Newcastle 4-0 and Tottenham defeating Bournemouth 5-0, the champions fell to third in the table. Leicester, meanwhile, are up to seventh.
Pep Guardiola's side were looking to bounce back following a 3-2 defeat by Crystal Palace on Saturday, and seemed to revert to type as Silva put them ahead. Aymeric Laporte fizzed a ball into Aguero in a central position, and his threaded pass allowed Silva to tuck past Kasper Schmeichel from 10 yards.
But Leicester levelled just five minutes later with a fine move of their own as Vardy looked up on the left to curl a cross for Albrighton at the far post to head back where it came from and into the left corner.
There was a flurry of chances late in the half; Aguero hooked over from close range, Vardy saw a one-on-one effort blocked at his feet by Ederson after Danilo's wild backpass, before Hamza Choudhury's effort at the far post was just touched away to safety by the goalkeeper.
Manchester City had 68 per cent of possession in the second half but failed to create many clear-cut chances, as the Leicester defence and Harry Maguire, in particular, held firm superbly.
That gave the hosts the platform to break, and after Leroy Sane had cleared Albrighton's corner, Pereira hit a fierce first-time effort into the left corner through a crowd of players and past Ederson's grasp for the winner.
Manchester City pushed for a leveller, but their task was made harder as Delph's torrid day was rounded off by a late red, winning the ball in a challenge with Pereira, but leaving his studs in the defender's ankle.
Leicester bounced back from two straight Premier League defeats to record a 3-1 victory over struggling Huddersfield at the King Power Stadium.
The visitors took an early lead through defender Mathias Jorgensen (5) but they could not hold onto that advantage, Kelechi Iheanacho finishing off a brilliant Leicester counter-attack (19) to level the scores.
After the break the hosts took full control of proceedings, going ahead thanks to James Maddison's free-kick (66) before Jamie Vardy made sure of all three points (75).
The victory moves Claude Puel's side up to eighth, while David Wagner's men drop to the foot of the table following their fourth defeat of the season.
Huddersfield started the brighter of the two sides and they were rewarded with a fifth-minute lead, Jorgensen finishing from close range after latching onto Laurent Depoitre's flick-on from Philip Billing's long throw.
Leicester were back on level terms 14 minutes later thanks to a brilliant counter-attacking goal. Erik Durm gifted possession to the hosts in midfield and, quick as a flash, Vardy was away. He laid the ball off to Iheanacho in the penalty area and the Nigeria international found the bottom corner with a first-time finish
The hosts were growing into the game with the impressive Maddison running the show and his clever free-kick created an opening for Vardy, but the striker scuffed his volley wide of the far post.
Puel changed things up at the break, bringing on Demarai Gray for Rachid Ghezzal, although it was Maddison who turned the match in Leicester's favour with a powerful free-kick from a central position 25 yards out. Jonas Lossl did manage to get his right hand to the ball but he could not keep it out as it curled into the net.
Vardy made sure of his side's victory in the 75th minute with an excellent lofted finish after Iheanacho had slid a beautifully-weighted pass through for the former England striker.
Liverpool overcame a terrible mistake by Alisson to beat Leicester City 2-1 on Saturday and maintain their perfect start to the Premier League season.
The visitors led thanks to Sadio Mane's well-taken 10th-minute strike - the Senegalese's fourth league goal of the season - before Roberto Firmino's downward header doubled their advantage on the stroke of half-time.
However, Rachid Ghezzal - on his first start for the Foxes - took advantage of an awful error by Alisson, who got caught in possession, to give the hosts hope just past the hour-mark.
Liverpool stay top of the table having won their first four league matches for the first time since 1990, while Claude Puel's men remain on six points after a second defeat of the campaign.
Jurgen Klopp's side arrived at a sun-drenched King Power in buoyant mood having won their opening three top-flight games without conceding, and it showed in the early exchanges.
The visitors spurned two gilt-edged chances after just five minutes when first Firmino, who had breezed behind a static Harry Maguire, failed to beat Kasper Schmeichel from close range before Mo Salah inexplicably side-footed the rebound wide of the gaping goal.
However, those misses were soon forgotten as Liverpool made the breakthrough after a storming run down the left by Andy Robertson, who bulldozed his way through Ricardo's flimsy challenge.
The Scotland international then found Mane on the edge of the area and after the forward evaded Maguire's tackle, he beat Schmeichel with a toe-poked effort into the bottom corner of the net.
Leicester could have drawn level midway through the first half, only for Alisson to palm away Demarai Gray's shot when one on one with the goalkeeper and just as the hosts started to build up a head of steam, Liverpool struck again.
James Milner swung in a corner from the right and Firmino escaped the attentions of James Maddison to plant a header just out of Schmeichel's grasp as the forward got off the mark for the season.
The home side came out all guns blazing after the break in search of the goal to get them back in the contest, and they got it thanks to a horrible gaffe from Liverpool's new ?67m 'keeper.
Van Dijk was pressurised into playing the ball back to the Brazilian, who got dispossessed by Kelechi Iheanacho as he tried to dribble his way past the substitute in the area. That mistake allowed the striker to tee up Ghezzal for a simple finish into the unguarded net.
Luckily for Alisson and Liverpool, it did not cost them.
Riyad Mahrez blazed over a late penalty as Manchester City missed the chance to end Liverpool's unbeaten start to the season in a 0-0 draw at Anfield on Super Sunday.
The Algeria international had the chance to snatch all three points for the champions after Virgil van Dijk tripped Leroy Sane in the area on 85 minutes, but he smashed the ball over from 12 yards as the much-anticipated top-of-the-table clash ended level.
Liverpool looked to have City's number in a blistering opening 10-minute spell but Pep Guardiola's men settled, limiting the Reds to few chances as both sides' flawless starts to the season remained intact.
The point lifts City top and Liverpool up to third in the Premier League on goal difference, with City's position heading into the international break consolation after failing to end their 18-game winless run at Anfield.
Keen to add to their three victories over the champions last season, Liverpool flew out of the blocks. Mohamed Salah had the first opening inside four minutes as he latched onto a Joe Gomez header and skipped inside a defender, but he fired wide at Ederson's near post.
Sadio Mane looked to have set up Salah for the opener with an inch-perfect cross three minutes later, after bursting past Bernardo Silva to get into the area, but the outstretched leg of Benjamin Mendy bailed City out, hacking the ball to safety.
The trademark of Liverpool's powerful start was their ability to win the ball back high up the field - the first time City manage to replicate that, they created their first chance as Fernandinho slipped Raheem Sterling in down the right channel, and his shot was blocked behind for a corner.
City's first prolonged spell of pressure yielded a strong appeal for a penalty on 20 minutes. Gomez's sliced clearance fell for Aguero in the area where he was clumsily bundled to ground by Dejan Lovren but referee Martin Atkinson was unmoved.
Liverpool suffered a blow just before the half-hour mark with the loss of James Milner to injury and that, coupled with the hosts' inability to maintain their break-neck start, allowed City to get a foothold in the game.
City's perseverance playing out from the back almost cost them dear nine minutes after the interval as Liverpool regained possession in opposition territory. Milner's replacement, Naby Keita, and Mane both tried to get shots away in quick succession but some last-gasp City defending scrambled the ball clear.
City saw another appeal for a penalty turned down on the hour when Fernandinho was penalised for a push on Van Dijk instead of the Dutchman's handball.
The sense of injustice galvanised City, who created their best chance of the game a minute later. After David Silva threaded Mahrez through on goal, the Algerian outfoxed Andrew Robertson to fashion space and get a shot away but flashed a left-footed effort a yard wide.
Liverpool rallied but their clinical final touch continued to evade them as Salah blazed an effort into the Kop, after latching onto Robertson's long through ball on 69 minutes, and substitute Daniel Sturridge failed to get enough power on a header 10 minutes later.
City's third penalty appeal proved successful after Van Dijk's lunge on Sane, but Mahrez's woeful attempt let Liverpool off the hook as City surrendered two points. How crucial those points are, come the end of the season, remains to be seen.
Divock Origi sparked mayhem at Anfield as his 96th-minute winner saw Liverpool snatch a dramatic 1-0 victory over Everton in the Merseyside derby.
The Belgium international, introduced on 84 minutes, headed the winner home from close range after Jordan Pickford failed to deal with Virgil van Dijk looping shot, pushing the ball onto his bar which Origi followed up.
It was a cruel blow on Everton after a spirited display, capped by three clear goalscoring opportunities in the first half, had the Toffees dreaming of a first win at Anfield since 1999.
But, in the most dramatic fashion, Liverpool claimed the local bragging rights as Origi's winner saw the Reds close the gap on leaders Manchester City to two points.
Jurgen Klopp was complimentary of Marco Silva's new-look Everton ahead of kick-off and within four minutes of kick-off, the Liverpool boss was proven right as the visitors' first chance ignited an engrossing half of football.
A free-kick from the left found Yerry Mina in the six-yard box unmarked, but the Colombian's header missed the target. Liverpool responded to almost devastating effect as Mohamed Salah chipped a ball over the Everton defence seven minutes later, only for Sadio Mane to fire over.
The chances kept on coming in a frenetic opening quarter as Richarlison lost his footing having burst into the Liverpool area before Roberto Firmino dragged a shot wide on the swivel.
Everton thought they had broken the deadlock on 21 minutes when Bernard's cross from the left was headed back by Theo Walcott to Andre Gomes, but a sharp save from Allison and then a stunning goal-line clearance from Joe Gomez rescued Liverpool.
After Firmino had drawn Pickford into another save and Richarlison had tame appeals for a penalty turned down, Xherdan Shaqiri was played through on goal but, like Mina and Gomes, the Swiss missed a glorious chance to open the scoring as Pickford saved his drive.
There was yet more drama before the break as a defence-splitting Gylfi Sigurdsson reverse pass released Walcott, but Alisson further vindicated his ?67m transfer fee by smothering the winger.
Liverpool started the second half as well as Everton did the first as Salah curled an effort wide and Mane went close with two efforts in quick succession. Everton steadied and grew back into the game, thriving as the tension inside an expectant Anfield increased.
That expectancy spurred Liverpool on further as the recently-introduced Origi fired a knockdown against the crossbar with two minutes remaining.
Everton looked to have secured a point but even more drama followed as Van Dijk's sliced volley sent the ball looping into the air. Pickford tried to tip it behind but inadvertently kept the ball in play, putting the ball on a plate for Origi took the chance to send Anfield into rapture.
Goals from Mohamed Salah and Xherdan Shaqiri condemned Fulham to their sixth successive Premier League loss in Liverpool's 2-0 victory on Sunday.
Salah's 34th goal at Anfield gave Liverpool a first-half lead (41) just seconds after Aleksandar Mitrovic had his headed goal controversially ruled out for offside at the other end.
Shaqiri extended Liverpool's advantage early in the second half (53) to ensure Jurgen Klopp's side recorded their 10th league win of the season and puts further pressure on the managerial future of Slavisa Jokanovic.
The result means Liverpool stay two points behind leaders Manchester City while Fulham remain three points adrift at the foot of the Premier League table.
Liverpool started the half brightly as Shaqiri was denied by Sergio Rico from outside the box in the 13th minute before Salah's point-blank effort was well saved by the Valencia loanee moments later.
Although Liverpool were enjoying plenty of possession, with Rico called into action again to deny Salah in the 21st minute, Ryan Sessegnon spurned a glorious chance to give Fulham the lead when he dragged his one-on-one effort wide.
Liverpool did take the lead shortly before half-time but it arrived in controversial circumstances. Mitrovic nodded in a Tom Cairney cross but he was adjudged to be offside just 13 seconds before Liverpool went up the other end, following some quick distribution from Alisson, and Salah slotted the ball home. Replays suggest Mitrovic may have been kept onside by Andrew Robertson before it was chalked off by referee Paul Tierney.
Liverpool started the second half confidently and they doubled their lead in the 53rd minute when Robertson's fine cross was volleyed in by the unmarked Shaqiri at the far post.
With Fulham pushing numbers forward, they left gaps at the back which Robertson almost exploited as he fired a shot on goal from range on the counter-attack, but Rico was there once again to bat the ball away.
Fulham failed to create any significant chances late on as the match fizzled out with the west London club recording their seventh loss in a row in all competitions. For Liverpool, their unbeaten run extends to 11 matches in the league.
Liverpool regained the initiative in the Premier League title race as they moved three points clear of Manchester City with a 3-0 win over Bournemouth at Anfield.
City had started the day top of the pile on goal difference but Jurgen Klopp's men put on a masterclass of attacking football to ease back to the summit.
Sadio Mane netted for the fourth game running (24) and Georginio Wijnaldum lobbed home a delicious second (34) before Mohamed Salah (48) finished sweetly after a sensational assist by Roberto Firmino.
It was a timely response from Klopp's men who had been held to back-to-back draws in the Premier League to allow City back into the hunt. Manchester City can, however, move back level on points with the Reds with a win over Chelsea on Super Sunday.
Meanwhile, Bournemouth have now suffered eight straight away defeats for the first time since 1984.
Bournemouth made a decent start and Ryan Fraser's effort tested Alisson inside four minutes, but Liverpool were soon in their stride.
James Milner provided the ammunition down the right on 24 minutes, delivering a fantastic ball that was thumped home by Mane.
Salah fluffed his lines three minutes later from Wijnaldum's square ball but it was soon to be 2-0.
Liverpool's midfield general, Wijnaldum, burst into the box and produced a marvellous finish to lob an effort over Cherries 'keeper Artur Boruc and into the far corner.
Bournemouth were finished off just after the break when Firmino produced one of the assists of the season to spot Salah in his wing-mirrors. The Egyptian seized upon the perfect flick and curled a fantastic effort into the corner for his 17th Premier League goal of the season.
With the points in the bag for the Reds, Trent Alexander-Arnold returned from a lengthy lay-off and almost scored after another sublime Firmino pass, but Boruc stood strong.
Job done for Liverpool. Over to you, Manchester City.

Xherdan Shaqiri came off the bench to make an instant impact with two second-half goals as Liverpool returned to the top of the Premier League with a 3-1 win over Manchester United at Anfield.
Liverpool took a deserved lead through Sadio Mane's neat control and finish from a fine Fabinho assist (24), but Alisson was at fault for United's equaliser as he dropped a cross into the path of Jesse Lingard, who finished with ease (33).
Though United improved in the second half, Liverpool regained their lead through sub Shaqiri as his shot from 12 yards deflected off Ashley Young and in off the crossbar (73), just three minutes after the Swiss had come on.
Shaqiri scored again just seven minutes later with another deflected effort from 20 yards, and the result means Liverpool are a point ahead of Manchester City after 17 games. United remain sixth, 19 points off the leaders.
United have now also conceded more goals this season (29) than in the entire 2017/18 season (28), while Liverpool's 36 attempts on goal against their old foes was the most by any team in the Premier League this season.
It was all Liverpool during a frantic start, as David de Gea was tested early by Roberto Firmino's low effort from the edge of the box, tipping the ball away to his left.
Liverpool got the goal their start deserved midway through the half as Fabinho brilliantly picked out Mane in-between the United defence, before the forward took the ball down and tucked it under De Gea.
But United were handed an early Christmas present as Alisson spilled Romelu Lukaku's simple cross from the left, allowing Lingard to turn the ball home with ease from close range.
Though Paul Pogba was once more an option from the bench, Jose Mourinho decided to introduce Marouane Fellaini at half-time in place of Diogo Dalot, and the Belgian proved handy in United's own box by making several important clearances from Liverpool's regular corners.
Liverpool nearly regained their lead shortly after the break as Firmino danced his way through the United defence, only to see his poked effort turned away low by De Gea, and though the visitors forced a few attacks, Liverpool did eventually get their second.
After De Gea flicked away Mane's cross at the byline into the path of Shaqiri, the summer signing struck a low effort which deflected off Young and beyond the stretch of De Gea.
His second goal came in similar circumstances, deciding to take on a shot from the edge of the box, before seeing it deflect of Eric Bailly this time and into the left corner.?
Mohamed Salah scored one and made another as Liverpool moved six points clear at the top of the Premier League with a 4-0 rout of Newcastle at Anfield on Boxing Day.
Dejan Lovren's stunning 11th-minute half-volley gave Liverpool a half-time lead with one of the few first-half chances mustered against a stubborn Newcastle defence.
But after the break the hosts turned their dominance into more goals, with Salah converting a penalty he won after Paul Dummett was harshly judged to have brought him to ground (47).
Xherdan Shaqiri put the result beyond doubt by slotting home Trent Alexander-Arnold's low cross 11 minutes from time, and then, seconds after title rivals Manchester City had fallen behind in their game at Leicester, Fabinho headed in Salah's corner (85) to put Liverpool in firm control of the race for the Premier League trophy.
Had Joselu netted a fine early chance from Ritchie's cross it could have been a very different afternoon, but he headed into the ground and wide - and soon, normal Anfield service was resumed.
A corner taken short to Andrew Robertson was whipped into the back post where Jamal Lascelles' weak header fell perfectly for Lovren, who smashed in his first goal of the season with a peach of a strike from 12 yards.
Newcastle held out until the break as Jurgen Klopp's side failed to create clear chances, but after half-time it was one-way traffic and Liverpool found their clinical edge.
Salah netted a penalty within three minutes of the re-start after ref Graham Scott judged Dummett's tug on the Egyptian's arm enough to award a spot kick.
Newcastle survived several scares, with Sadio Mane and Shaqiri both going close before the latter ended a spell of relentless Liverpool pressure in the final third by turning in Alexander-Arnold's cross from a lovely first-time Jordan Henderson through ball.
And with news filtering through that Manchester City were on the verge of a second shock defeat in four days, Fabinho turned in Salah's whipped corner to complete the scoring on a perfect afternoon for Klopp's side.
Liverpool started the season in style on Super Sunday as they condemned West Ham to a 4-0 defeat in Manuel Pellegrini's first game in charge.
Mohamed Salah (19) and Sadio Mane (45+2) scored open goals after ruthless attacking moves during a rampant first half at Anfield and the home side added a third eight minutes after half-time when Mane stroked home, controversially from an offside position.
Daniel Sturridge came off the bench to score with his first touch of the game (88) to complete a miserable afternoon for Pellegrini, who started five new signings but had goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski to thank for ensuring the scoreline was not even more comprehensive.
Liverpool dominated both the chances and the possession as they overwhelmed West Ham in the first half and took a deserved lead through Salah on 19 minutes.
Impressive debutant Naby Keita carried the ball into the final third and slipped in Andrew Robertson to cross low for Salah to tap in to an empty net.
The Egyptian, who finished last season with 44 goals, was denied three times by Fabianski before Liverpool's second arrived. West Ham's goalkeeper held a header, then brilliantly denied Salah inside the six-yard box before rushing off a line to prevent another chance.
But West Ham's high defensive line was punished again in first-half injury time when Robertson's cross was volleyed back into the middle by James Milner and Mane hooked in to an unguarded goal to double Liverpool's lead.
Roberto Firmino was the architect of Liverpool's third in the 53rd minute, cleverly feeding the ball through to Mane just inside the area to control and shoot low past Fabianski - though replays showed he was a yard offside.
So comfortable was the victory, Jurgen Klopp was able to withdraw all three of his forwards - Firmino, Mane and Salah - during the second half and the final substitution immediately led to Liverpool's fourth.
Sturridge, on his return to Anfield after spending time on loan at West Brom, met Milner's corner at the back post and turned the ball in to complete a dream start for last season's Champions League finalists and enhance expectations of a title push this time around.
Sadio Mane's double helped unbeaten Liverpool go top of the Premier League table with a well-earned 4-1 victory over Cardiff at Anfield.
The hosts were dominant from the off, with Mohamed Salah giving them a ninth-minute lead with his fourth goal for Liverpool in his last three appearances in all competitions.
Cardiff survived a siege on their goal in the first half before taking the attack to Liverpool in the second, but Mane's 66th-minute strike seemingly ended any hope of a comeback for the visitors.
Bluebirds boss Neil Warnock had warned his side faced an "impossible job" but Callum Paterson deservedly got them back in it with 13 minutes to go - the first goal Liverpool have conceded in the Premier League at Anfield since February.
Instead, late goals from substitute Xherdan Shaqiri (84) and Mane (87) sealed a win to send Liverpool - unbeaten in the league this season - top, until Manchester City face Tottenham on Monday Night Football at least.
Liverpool flew out of the blocks and put Cardiff under pressure right from the off, taking the lead with just nine minutes on the clock. Mane's initial effort from just inside the box was charged down, Georginio Wijnaldum was then also denied by a fine block, but Salah was on hand to slot home from the tight angle to net his 51st goal for Liverpool.
Cardiff - who stay 17th in the table - were at sixes and sevens as they struggled to cope with Liverpool at their relentless best. Virgil van Dijk almost added an immediate second, but his header came out off the post, before Salah was denied by Cardiff goalkeeper Neil Etheridge on the slide outside his box.
The only downside to Liverpool's play was that they were trying to be overly intricate in the final third, with Cardiff just about hanging on. Adam Lallana did almost net that second on the stroke of half-time, but saw his header cleared off the line by Cardiff captain Sean Morrison.
Cardiff came out for the second half with added impetus, but could not create that killer opening, and their lack of potency was punished when Mane made space for the shot himself, before firing an unstoppable strike into the net from the edge of the box to double Liverpool's advantage.
Liverpool took their foot off the gas after Mane's goal, which allowed Cardiff to get themselves back in it through Paterson. Junior Hoilett's low cross was deflected closer to Allison's goal by Van Dijk, Paterson stole a march, before prodding the ball home. Liverpool had gone 918 Premier League minutes without conceding at Anfield.
It was not long, though, before Liverpool made sure of the victory with Shaqiri - who made a huge difference after coming off the bench - finishing off his first goal for Liverpool smartly after being picked out by Salah in the box.
Salah then provided a sumptuous pass for Mane, who raced through before lofting the ball over Etheridge to put the icing on the cake with his 50th Premier League goal.
Roberto Firmino scored a hat-trick as Liverpool surged nine points clear at the top of the Premier League with a thumping 5-1 victory over Arsenal at Anfield.
With Tottenham having lost to Wolves earlier in the day, it looked like Arsenal might do their north London rivals - and Manchester City - a favour when Ainsley Maitland-Niles put them ahead in the 11th minute.
However, Liverpool responded in devastating fashion with two goals in 90 seconds from Firmino and then a third from Sadio Mane in the 32nd minute.
Mohamed Salah made it 4-1 with a penalty late in the first half and Firmino completed his hat-trick with a 65th-minute spot-kick as Jurgen Klopp's side finished the year in style.
Liverpool now turn their attentions to a showdown with title rivals Manchester City on Thursday, live on Sky Sports. Depending how City fare against Southampton on Sunday, Liverpool could end the week 13 points clear of the champions, or only four.
Having seen Spurs slip up against Wolves, it looked as though Liverpool might be in for a tricky evening as Alex Iwobi crossed for Maitland-Niles to put Arsenal ahead in the 11th minute.
But the lead didn't last long as Liverpool responded with two goals in 90 seconds from Firmino.
The first was fortuitous as Arsenal tried to clear in their own box and the ball rebounded kindly for Firmino, who scored with a no-look finish into an empty net.
Firmino then made it 2-1 in the 16th minute when he shimmied past two tackles and fired a shot into the bottom corner.
Anfield was rocking and Liverpool extended their advantage in the 32nd minute. Arsenal cleared a corner to Andy Robertson on halfway and his long ball forward was passed across the box by Salah for Mane to finish.
Salah made it 4-1 in first-half injury-time when he rifled a penalty past Bernd Leno after being clumsily fouled by Sokratis.
Aaron Ramsey spurned a chance for Arsenal early in the second half when he was unable to finish in the box.
However, Arsenal's defence continued to look creaky and they conceded a fifth when Sead Kolasinac was penalised for a push on Dejan Lovren and Firmino converted the penalty.
Liverpool eased up late in the game but went close to scoring again as Jordan Henderson shot narrowly wide and Leno saved a toe-poked shot from Salah.
Raheem Sterling scored one and made another as Manchester City eased past Brighton 2-0 at the Etihad in the Premier League on Saturday.
The win puts champions City back at the top of the Premier League on goal difference ahead of Liverpool, who drew 1-1 at Chelsea in the later Saturday kick off.
Sterling tapped home his fourth of the season at the far post (29) from Leroy Sane's cross, and Sergio Aguero added a second (65) from Sterling's unselfish assist just as Pep Guardiola was due to sub the Argentine off.
The result also means City are still unbeaten in the Premier League this season, while Brighton are now without a win in six in all competitions and sit 14th.
As expected, City dominated the ball in the first half, and their first clear chance brought the opener. After City won the ball on halfway, Aguero released Sane on the left, and his fine ball across the face of goal was tapped home at the far post by Sterling.
Mat Ryan was then tested twice in quick succession, first from Sterling's shot on the right of the box from an angle, and then again from Fernandinho's fierce long-range strike.
City should have extended their lead just after the break as Aguero saw a shot blocked brilliantly by Duffy, before David Silva's strike on the rebound from 15 yards was tipped away by Ryan again.
With Gabriel Jesus on the touchline waiting to replace him, Aguero started and finished a fine move for City's second. Picking the ball up deep, he skipped past three challenges, fed the unselfish Sterling, and received the ball back 12 yards out to slot home. That was his last action, as Guardiola stuck to his original plan.
Brighton offered very little in the final third, but did have a strong late appeal for a penalty waved away after Fernandinho looked to have handled from a corner.
Manchester City continued their unbeaten Premier League start with a 3-1 victory over Bournemouth on Saturday at the Etihad, their sixth league win in a row.
City took the lead on 16 minutes through Bernardo Silva's shot through a crowd from 15 yards, but Bournemouth got a deserved equaliser late in the half as Callum Wilson's fine header found the top corner (44).
Raheem Sterling hit the post after the break following a mazy run, but got his goal on 57 minutes, converting from close range after Asmir Begovic had spilled Danilo's shot, before Ilkay Gundogan got City's third from six yards from Leroy Sane's centre (79).
The result means City are five points clear at the top of the Premier League, with second-place Liverpool facing Everton on Super Sunday. Bournemouth move down to ninth.
Without the injured Sergio Aguero, City dominated the ball early on and should have been ahead through Gabriel Jesus, but his effort on the stretch at the far stick from Sane went inches wide of Begovic's post.
They did go ahead a few minutes later as Oleksandr Zinchenko's fine ball in behind found Sane in the box, and despite Begovic getting there first to palm away, Silva was on hand to shoot through a crowded box and into the net.
Wilson should have levelled just before his opener, failing to get onto Josh King's superb ball into the box on the stretch, but he did get his eighth of the season with a brilliant header from Simon Francis' cross a minute before the break. Sterling impressed again at the Etihad, skipping past five Bournemouth players before seeing his deflected shot come off the post, but minutes later he scored his ninth goal of the season, slamming home from close range after Begovic had spilled Danilo's fierce, low shot from the right of the box.
Fernandinho then placed a left-footed shot just wide of the left-hand post from the right of the area, while at the other end Wilson nearly squeezed home another leveller from Steve Cook's dangerous long throw. But after Bourmemouth had a strong penalty appeal turned down by Stuart Attwell for Fernandinho's shove on Mings, City got their two-goal cushion with 11 minutes remaining.
Man of the match Sane, who caused Bournemouth's defence issues all afternoon, burst free down the left, before crossing low at the byline for Gundogan to convert simply from point-blank range.

Sergio Aguero hit his second hat-trick in eight days as Manchester City thrashed Chelsea 6-0 at the Etihad to return to the top of the Premier League.
City were irresistible in the first half and raced into a 4-0 lead after just 25 minutes. Raheem Sterling put them ahead (4), running onto an effort at the far post, before Aguero's 25-yard stunner (13) into the top corner made it 2-0, moments after he had missed a sitter from close range.
Aguero turned home his second after a Ross Barkley mistake (19) and Ilkay Gundogan put the game well beyond Chelsea with a low shot into the bottom corner from the edge of the box (25).
Aguero completed his hat-trick from the spot (56), meaning he has 43 goals in 64 games against the big six, 22 more than any other player since he moved to the Premier League in 2011.
Sterling made it 6-0 from close range after fine team move (80), and the result means City go back to the top of the Premier League on goal difference, having played a game more than Liverpool. Pressure grows on Maurizio Sarri and Chelsea, who drop to sixth, a point behind fourth-placed Manchester United.
City were looking to cap off a tough week of fixtures with nine points out of nine, and they got the job done before Chelsea could even think about settling. Sterling had them ahead just four minutes in, slamming home from eight yards at the far post after Bernardo Silva's cut-back had deflected into his path.
It should have been 2-0 moments later through Aguero, but he uncharacteristically missed an open goal three yards out at the far post, though he did make amends in fine fashion on 13 minutes.
Picking the ball up 30 yards out, Aguero took a touch out of his feet before unleashing an unstoppable effort into the top corner past Kepa Arrizabalaga.
Aguero then became City's leading league scorer with 159 goals, capitalising on Barkley's poor header back to his own goal by turning into the bottom right corner from 10 yards.
The game was essentially over on 25 minutes as Gundogan's crack from the edge of the box flew past Kepa after Chelsea had failed to clear their lines again.
Sarri was exploding on the touchline, but Chelsea did force a couple of chances before the break; Ederson blocked Pedro at his feet, and the City goalkeeper then acrobatically kept out Gonzalo Higuain's fine 25-yard volley.
City carried on after half-time like a steam train. Aguero hit the bar with a close-range header, but he completed his second hat-trick in three games from the spot after Cesar Azpilicueta's rash challenge on Sterling.
Aguero, who is now level at the top of the Premier League scoring charts with Mohamed Salah (17 goals) was brought off for Gabriel Jesus on 65 minutes, and his replacement went close to making it 6-0 as Kepa saved when one-on-one.
Sub David Silva then found Oleksandr Zinchenko with a beautiful ball in-behind, before the Ukrainian squared for Sterling to prod home his second from close range.
City's PA system played the Madness' 'One Step Beyond' at full-time, a favourite at Stamford Bridge after Chelsea wins, while Sarri claimed he didn't see Guardiola as he headed straight down the tunnel without shaking hands on a horrible afternoon for the Italian.
Lucas Moura scored twice as Tottenham stunned Manchester United with a 3-0 win at Old Trafford on 
Monday Night Football.
Harry Kane's superb header from a corner (50) and Lucas' tidy finish (52) gave Spurs daylight against a 
shell-shocked United, after Jose Mourinho made six changes from the side that lost 3-2 at Brighton last 
week.
Spurs then caught United on the break to add a third through man-of-the-match Lucas' fine finish (85), 
meaning United have suffered their worst start to a Premier League season since 2014.
United have also lost two of their opening three Premier League games for the first time since 1992, while
Spurs register their best start since 2009/10.
Most of the early talk surrounded Mourinho's tactics, with Ander Herrera starting on the right side of a 
central-defensive three and Paul Pogba further up the pitch than in previous weeks.
Danny Rose so nearly handed United an early lead with a loose back-pass, but Romelu Lukaku will feel he 
should have scored having rolled the ball just wide of the open goal after rounding Hugo Lloris.
Spurs had a strong call for a penalty turned down by Craig Pawson after Jones' clumsy challenge on Moura
from behind, with Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville agreeing in the MNF studio that Jones should have 
been penalised. But Spurs went ahead in fine fashion five minutes after the break through Kane's brilliant
header into the far corner from Kieran Trippier's corner, Tottenham's first goal at Old Trafford in 433
Premier League minutes.
Lloris turned away a Lukaku effort moments later, but it was 2-0 on 52 minutes through Lucas, turning
home from 10 yards into the bottom left corner after Christian Eriksen picked him out. Spurs had two
golden opportunities to make it 3-0 after Mourinho made three quick-fire
changes; first, substitute Victor Lindelof's poor back-pass was picked up by Dele Alli, but he could only
fire at David de Gea, before Kane headed wide unmarked from six yards after losing Lindelof at a corner.
United piled on the pressure in hope of halving the deficit, but Lucas broke away to get his second and 
Spurs' third, slipping past Chris Smalling and finishing neatly into the left corner past De Gea.
Mourinho showed respect to the United fans after the game, standing in front of the Stretford End and 
clapping the home support for over a minute.


An under-pressure Jose Mourinho saw his Manchester United side fight back from two goals down to earn a dramatic 3-2 win against Newcastle at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Substitute Alexis Sanchez grabbed the winner with a dramatic 90th-minute header, giving the hosts what had seemed like an unlikely victory and sending Old Trafford wild.
The pre-match talk was dominated by Mourinho's future, with Man Utd insisting they will remain patient with their manager, dismissing reports he would be sacked after the game.
But the talk intensified as Mourinho's side got off to the worst possible start, tamely allowing Newcastle to race into a two-goal lead through Kenedy (8) and Yoshinori Muto (10), the first time they have conceded two goals inside 10 minutes at Old Trafford in the Premier League.
Nemanja Matic missed a sitter early in the second half, but sub Juan Mata halved the deficit with a fine free-kick (70) to give United hope, and they duly levelled shortly after through Anthony Martial's finish (76) before Sanchez's winner.
The result leaves United in eighth place, four points off the top four, while Newcastle are 19th with just two points from eight games this season under Rafa Benitez.
The home fans welcomed Mourinho positively before the match, but the mood soon flattened as Newcastle took the lead through Kenedy, curling left-footed into the far post after a simple ball from Ayoze Perez found him one-on-one with the stranded Ashley Young.
It was 2-0 just two minutes later through Muto, turning and smashing past David de Gea from 12 yards for his first Newcastle goal. Man Utd fans replied defiantly, singing: "We love United, we do," while Newcastle fans mocked Mourinho with a rendition of: "You're getting sacked in the morning."
Mourinho reacted, hooking Eric Bailly for Juan Mata after just 19 minutes, and they should have pulled one back through Marcus Rashford, whose close-range header from Romelu Lukaku's cross fell inches wide.
Newcastle could have just as easily been 3-0 up as De Gea saved well from Muto's point-blank header after finding acres behind the back line, before two strong penalty appeals at both ends were waved away by Anthony Taylor for handballs against Young and Muto.
Boos were heard at the break, Marouane Fellaini then replaced Scott McTominay for the second half, but United's back three consisted of Chris Smalling, Nemanja Matic and Pogba early after the restart.
Matic aptly produced a defender's finish after Pogba's deflected shot was saved by Martin Dubravka, blazing over the rebound from six yards when it seemed harder to miss.
Mata made amends, curling home a superb free-kick from 25 yards, before Dubravka came to Newcastle's rescue twice in a minute, beating away Fellaini's half-volley effort and then producing an even better stop from Smalling's close-range strike.
The hosts were level with 14 minutes remaining after a world class move; Martial slipped the ball into Pogba, whose backheel flick gave Martial space to fire past Dubravka and into the bottom left corner from 15 yards.
Mo Diame saw a header cleared off the line by Lukaku at the other end, but the pressure on the Newcastle goal began to intensify. Criticised for his performances since joining the club in January, Sanchez popped up with the dramatic winner, heading home Young's cross from eight yards.
Kyle Walker's stunning maiden goal for Manchester City helped the champions overcome an improved Newcastle United 2-1 on Saturday.
The England international's sumptuous long-range drive seven minutes into the second half proved decisive as City moved to within two points of leaders Liverpool and Chelsea with their third win of the season.
Raheem Sterling fired City ahead inside eight minutes with a fine strike of his own before the Etihad Stadium was stunned on the half-hour mark by DeAndre Yedlin's equaliser - Newcastle's first league goal away from home this season.
However, despite the visible improvement, Rafa Benitez's men were left to reflect on a third defeat of the season which leaves them in the relegation zone with one point ahead of the international break.
Another arduous league outing looked on the cards for Newcastle when City started brightly. Riyad Mahrez dragged a shot wide with just four minutes on the clock and, four minutes later, the champions were ahead.
Newcastle were the architects of their own downfall as returning skipper Jamaal Lascelles surrendered possession on the edge of his area, handing Benjamin Mendy the chance to release Sterling, who marked his 100th Premier League appearance for City with a sumptuous strike into the far corner.
Sterling's second goal of the season ushered in a period of City dominance but they failed to double their lead, Gabriel Jesus firing a free header straight at Martin Dubravka on 27 minutes.
City were made to pay for their wastefulness as Yedlin embarked on a lung-busting 70-yard run, got on the end of Salomon's Rondon's cross and rifled Newcastle's equaliser beyond Ederson.
Buoyed by Yedlin's first Premier League goal, Newcastle made it to the break level, but they were undone within seven minutes of the restart thanks to a moment of magic from Walker.
Sergio Aguero laid the ball into the path of the England international, who took a touch before flashing an unstoppable effort past Dubravka in the blink of an eye. City were on course to return to winning ways but their hopes of adding gloss to the victory were hampered by the inspired Dubravka, who denied Fernandinho and David Silva on 67 minutes with a sublime triple save before thwarting Aguero in a one-on-one in stoppage time.

Crystal Palace beat Manchester City 3-2 at the Etihad to stun the champions and leave Pep Guardiola's side four points behind leaders Liverpool at Christmas.
The home side dominated the early exchanges and Ilkay Gundogan headed them in front after 27 minutes. However, Palace hit back six minutes later through Jeffrey Schlupp (33) and Andros Townsend's stunning volley (35) put the visitors ahead at the break.
Luka Milivojevic extended Palace's lead from the penalty spot (51) after Max Meyer was brought down by Kyle Walker and although Kevin de Bruyne got one back for City with five minutes remaining, Roy Hodgson's team held on for a memorable victory.
The defeat, City's second in three league games and a first at home this season, means there is daylight between the top two for the first time this season while Palace are up to 14th.
For the first half hour, everything went as expected with Fabian Delph's drive from the edge of the box forcing a fine stop from Vicente Guaita in the Palace goal in the second minute, the home side dominating possession and keeping the visitors trapped inside their own half.
Leroy Sane fired into the side netting and Nicolas Otamendi's goal-bound header was deflected just wide but City eventually took the lead when Gundogan crept in at the back post, played onside by Patrick van Aanholt, to head home Delph's right-foot cross.
The lead was short lived though as Palace levelled through Schlupp. Wilfried Zaha was stopped by Aymeric Laporte but the ball came to Townsend, he shifted it to Schlupp and the winger advanced into the box before arrowing a shot into the far corner of the net.
Two minutes later, Palace were ahead. Van Aanholt's free-kick from the left was only half-cleared, Bernardo Silva headed it further away but Townsend, 30 yards out, came onto it and thumped a stunning volley past Ederson into the top corner.
Less than five minutes into the second half, Guardiola sent Sergio Aguero on but within a minute of the Argentine's introduction, Palace had a third.
Another shift counter-attack ended with Townsend heading against the post from Aaron Wan-Bissaka's cross and as Meyer tried to take control of the rebound he was tripped by Walker. Milivojevic stepped up and hit the spot kick firmly to Ederson's left and into the bottom corner.
De Bruyne and Riyad Mahrez came on but with James Tomkins and Mamadou Sakho impressing at the heart of the Palace defence, clear cut chances remained hard to come by.
Gundogan whistled a shot just wide from 25 yards, Sane's free-kick struck the post but bounced wide and it took De Bruyne's over-hit cross to drift beyond Guaita and into the far corner with five minutes to reduce the deficit.
That livened up the home fans and City had the chance to snatch a point in the dying seconds when De Bruyne's superb left-foot cross was met by Gabriel Jesus at the far post. The Brazilian striker was unchallenged but couldn't keep the header down, leaving City to reflect on a potentially damaging defeat.
Leroy Sane scored on his return as Manchester City maintained their imperious Premier League home record in a 3-0 victory over Fulham.
Sane (2) took just 90 seconds to bag on his first start of the season as City were in a slick mood and had too much for the naive Londoners, who tried to go toe to toe with the champions in the early stages.
David Silva (21) scored on his 350th appearance for the club and Raheem Sterling (47) completed the scoring in a game where City were scintillating to watch but wasteful in front of goal.
City have now won 18 of their last 20 Premier League home games and move to within two points of Liverpool and Chelsea at the top of the table.
Fulham set up with a high line and tried to play out from the back which allowed City to counter whenever they upped the tempo.
Fernandinho robbed Jean Michael Seri in midfield with just two minutes gone and surged down the left before crossing for Sane, who tapped home from two yards.
Sterling, who gave Fulham youngster Ryan Sessegnon a torrid time at left-back, had an effort pushed onto the crossbar on 15 minutes but Silva doubled the lead shortly after.
He was on hand to thump home from close range for his 50th Premier League goal after Sergio Aguero's shot was blocked into Silva's path.
A couple of long-range efforts from Andre Schurrle were all Fulham could muster in response as City continued to break forward down the wings at will.
The third goal came via that route as Aguero stole a march down the right and flashed in a low cross which Sterling prodded home for his third of season.
Aguero limped off with what seemed a knee injury midway through the half and his replacement Gabriel Jesus wasted multiple chances in the final quarter.
Bernardo Silva also somehow fired over from 10 yards - it mattered little for this game but City will need to sharpen up their finishing as the season progresses.

Manchester City moved to within four points of Liverpool at the top of the Premier League with a 3-0 victory over 10-man Wolves on Monday Night Football.
Gabriel Jesus set the champions on their way with a close-range finish at the end of a trademark City counter inside 10 minutes.
It was backs against the wall for Wolves when Willy Boly was shown a straight red card for a lunge on Bernardo Silva on 19 minutes.
Jesus hammered home City's numerical advantage with his second from the penalty spot six minutes before half-time, before a Conor Coady own-goal 12 minutes from time compounded Wolves' misery.
City's fifth consecutive victory in all competitions sees them remain on the coattails of leaders Liverpool, while Wolves stay 11th, a point off the top half.
It took just 10 minutes for City to break the deadlock. A brilliant deep pass from Aymeric Laporte freed Leroy Sane down the left, and he put the opener on a plate for Jesus, who scored for the third game running.
Rui Patricio tipped a deflected David Silva shot over on 16 minutes, but Wolves' hopes of getting back into the game suffered a blow three minutes later when Boly received a straight red card for a challenge on Bernardo Silva.
The centre-back made contact with the ball before catching the Portuguese's ankle, but referee Craig Pawson showed no hesitation brandishing the red.
The 10 men of Wolves came within inches of finding an unlikely equaliser on 36 minutes when Raul Jimenez released Jonny down the left, but the full-back's cross-come-shot evaded Diogo Jota.
A penalty three minutes later, awarded after Ryan Bennett's challenge on Raheem Sterling, handed Jesus the chance to double his and City's tally, and the Brazilian made no mistake, sending Patricio the wrong way from 12 yards.
Wolves boss Nuno Espirito Santo brought Adama Traore on at half-time. Pep Guardiola responded by introducing Kevin de Bruyne, and the Belgium international nearly added a third for City was a rasping drive on 67 minutes.
Two minutes later, Sane slipped Sterling through on goal, but Patricio raced off his line to smother the England international. The Wolves goalkeeper was then on hand to tip De Bruyne's fierce near-post drive behind 13 minutes from time.?
Manchester City were too good for rivals Manchester United as they won 3-1 in Sunday's derby at the Etihad Stadium.
City dominated the early stages and took the lead through David Silva from eight yards (12), before Sergio Aguero's fine strike from an acute angle (48) put them two up and seemingly in control.
Anthony Martial then pulled one back from the spot (58), but the champions regained their two-goal advantage with four minutes remaining as sub Ilkay Gundogan controlled brilliantly and slotted home from close range after United fell asleep at the back.
The result means City go back to the top of the Premier League, two points above Liverpool and now four above Chelsea following their draw with Everton, while United are in eighth, seven points off the top four.
The result means City go back to the top of the Premier League, two points above Liverpool and now four above Chelsea following their draw with Everton, while United are in eighth, seven points off the top four.
Raheem Sterling's fine cross to the back post was kept alive by Bernardo Silva, Aguero looked to be hauled to the ground by Chris Smalling, but as referee Anthony Taylor let play go on, Silva squeezed home right-footed from eight yards.
It felt like the floodgates would open, but United restricted City to few chances before the break, even if their defensive efforts restricted any attacking bite.
The second did come, just three minutes into the second half, as United lost the ball in midfield and allowed Aguero a run at Victor Lindelof. After a lovely one-two with Riyad Mahrez, Aguero thundered one over David De Gea from a tight angle to the right of goal.
United's comeback from 2-0 down here in April would have still been fresh in many City's players' minds, and they halved the deficit as half-time sub Romelu Lukaku was brought down by Ederson, allowing Martial to slot home a penalty, his sixth goal in seven.
The visitors struggled to create much thereafter, and City wrapped it up in the 86th minute as Bernardo Silva's cross caught United napping, allowing Gundogan to take the ball down and turn past David de Gea following a 44-pass move, the most in the Premier League since September 2015.
Manchester City returned to the top of the Premier League by beating Burnley 5-0 as Kevin De Bruyne returned from injury on Saturday.
The Belgian played the final 30 minutes after two months out, by which time City had the game sewn up after goals from Sergio Aguero (16), Bernardo Silva (54) and Fernandinho (56), while Riyad Mahrez (83) and Leroy Sane (90) added late gloss to the scoreline.
Bernardo Silva's effort was a controversial one, though, as Burnley's players had stopped playing after seemingly believing referee Jon Moss had blown his whistle, while David Silva's pass for the goal looked to be out of play.
The Premier League champions now hold the record for the longest unbeaten run of Premier League games on Saturdays at 3pm, taking their tally to 35 in a row.
For Burnley, their mini-revival of three games unbeaten hit the buffers but easier challenges than this lie ahead for Sean Dyche's men.
On his first return to Manchester City as an opposition player, Joe Hart received a warm reception from the home galleries but got no special treatment from his former team-mates.
Aguero was on hand to power home past Hart after 16 minutes following some silky approach by David Silva.
John Stones had to be alert to block away a goal-bound Jeff Hendrick effort on 35 minutes but it was City playing all the forward-thinking football. Clear-cut chances were hard to come by, although Aguero did fire wide from a tight angle just before the break.
Burnley always had a puncher's chance but the all-important second goal ended their hopes of an unlikely result - but it was soaked in controversy.
On 54 minutes, Sane went down in the area after what looked like a foul, which drew referee Moss to put the whistle to his lips but not commit to a decision. Burnley's defenders then stopped to seemingly accuse Sane of diving but David Silva was alive to the situation and kept the ball alive on the by-line.
The ball looked to be out of play but was missed by the officials and his pass was smashed home in style by Bernardo Silva. The Burnley players surrounded the referee but the goal was given.
Burnley never really recovered from that moment and Fernandinho thumped home a third with a powerful side-footed effort two minutes later.
De Bruyne, back earlier than expected from knee ligament damage sustained in August, added further quality to City and Mahrez bent in a sumptuous fourth goal from 25 yards with seven minutes left before Sane wrapped things up in injury time.
Manchester City cruised back to the top of the Premier League after thrashing Southampton 6-1 at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday afternoon.
The victory was built on three goals in the opening 18 minutes as Wesley Hoedt's own goal (6) was followed by Sergio Aguero's 150th Premier League goal (12) and David Silva's half-volley (18).
Danny Ings' 30th-minute penalty gave Southampton temporary respite, but Raheem Sterling scored in first-half injury-time to restore City's three-goal advantage.
The England international netted his second of the game in the 67th minute before Leroy Sane struck in injury-time to ensure Pep Guardiola's team move two points clear of Liverpool at the top of the table ahead of next Sunday's Manchester derby.
Southampton defender Hoedt inadvertently started a flurry of first-half goals when he steered Sane's low cross into his own net from two yards with Sterling lurking in an offside position.
Six minutes later, Aguero secured his landmark 150th league goal for City when he tapped in Sterling's low delivery from close range after good work from Bernardo Silva.
City skipper David Silva scored the third in the 18th minute when Sterling's floated cross was half-cleared by the head of Jack Stephens and the Spaniard lashed in a half-volley.
Southampton had not scored in their previous five Premier League games, but ended that run when John Stones was caught out by Ings and Ederson brought him down just inside the area. The striker coolly sent the goalkeeper the wrong way with his penalty.
But Sterling scored City's fourth with a low shot in the second minute of first-half added time when Cedric Soares tried to see the ball out of play and Aguero won the ball back to cross for his team-mate to score.
Southampton forwards Ings and Shane Long had chances after the break, but Sane hit the post with a fierce effort before Sterling scored the fifth on 67 minutes, receiving the ball from Aguero and shooting low across Alex McCarthy.
Sane completed the rout in injury-time when Sterling found him on the edge of the area and he cut onto his left foot before shooting past McCarthy to move the champions top of the pile in style.
Crystal Palace missed a host of chances as they left Old Trafford with a point following a 0-0 draw with a lacklustre Manchester United in the Premier League on Saturday.
United were booed off at full time after Palace missed clear-cut opportunities in both halves; first, Patrick van Aanholt miscued an effort wide when one-on-one with David de Gea, while Andros Townsend did the same with 15 minutes remaining after breaking into the box.
Both sides also had the ball in the net as Cheikhou Kouyate and Romelu Lukaku saw goals correctly ruled out for marginal offside decisions, and the game ended with Palace feeling like they should have left with three points.
The result means United are seventh, 14 points off leaders Manchester City, while Palace are up to 15th, a point above the drop zone.
Both sides had plenty of chances during a goalless first half, with the best arguably falling to the visitors. Returning to his former club, Wilfried Zaha saw a 25-yard effort whistle past De Gea's right-hand post, before Van Aanholt fluffed a right-footed shot wide from 12 yards, having been put through in acres of space by Zaha.
Jesse Lingard then forced a fine save from Wayne Hennessey at the other end, and Palace would have gone into the half ahead but for a fine decision from the assistant referee, flagging Kouyate offside having forced home Luka Milivojevic's free-kick.
The officials made another fine call after the break, this time flagging Lukaku for being inches offside as he turned home Ashley Young's parried shot, while Kouyate had a shot from range tipped away by De Gea, only for Townsend to see his rebound blocked too.
Palace should have won it through Townsend as he somehow piled his way through Nemanja Matic and Victor Lindelof and into the area, but he flashed the ball wide with on weaker right foot with just De Gea to beat.
Paul Pogba was replaced with 20 minutes remaining as United pushed for a winner; Lukaku's header from a Matteo Darmian cross was well tipped away by Hennessey, and sub Marcus Rashford's shot was well blocked by James Tomkins.
It ended in jeers from the home fans as United failed to turn their superior possession into chances, leaving them with an uphill task to make the top four.
Liverpool reclaimed top spot in the Premier League with a 0-0 draw at Manchester United on Super Sunday.
First-half injuries to United trio Ander Herrera, Juan Mata and Jesse Lingard and Liverpool forward Roberto Firmino put paid to hopes of a classic between English football's two most successful clubs.
The best chance of the game fell to Lingard before he succumbed to injury in the first half, but Alisson Becker was more than a match, stretching out an arm as the midfielder tried to round him.
Liverpool were far from their fluid best but had a measure of control throughout, securing a point that lifts them above champions Manchester City. United drop to fifth, a point outside the top four as Arsenal beat Southampton 2-0 in the day's other Premier League game.
United were nervous in the opening exchanges of a half Liverpool controlled. With just 20 seconds on the clock, Ashley Young's under-hit backpass was handled by David de Gea before Firmino could pounce. Mata blocked James Milner's indirect free-kick but Liverpool settled sooner.
United lost Herrera to a hamstring and Mata to hip injury inside 25 minutes, with Andreas Pereira and Lingard stepping into a makeshift midfield line-up - which already included Scott McTominay as Nemanja Matic missed out through injury - that struggled to contain an encouraged Liverpool side.
Players continued to drop like flies, with Firmino rolling his ankle and Lingard forced off before the interval, but only after the half's best chance had fallen the way of the England international.
Paul Pogba found Romelu Lukaku on the edge of the area and his disguised through-pass released Lingard through on goal where he tried to round Alisson, but the Liverpool goalkeeper's outstretched arm nicked the ball off his toes.
It was Lingard's last involvement before he succumbed to a recurrence of a hamstring injury, the substitute being substituted as the introduction of Alexis Sanchez left Solskjaer with no options from the bench for the second half.
A battling second-half display from United ensued and, cheered on by their passionate home crowd, they nearly secured a victory that would have dented Liverpool's title hopes.
United had the ball in the back of the net on 75 minutes when Joel Matip turned into his own net from a Chris Smalling cross, but the United defender was correctly ruled offside.
Smalling could not stretch far enough to apply the finishing touch to a Lukaku cross in the final minute, but there was to be no winner as both sides settled for a point.
Joao Moutinho's second-half equaliser denied Manchester United a fourth successive win in all competitions as Wolves earned a 1-1 draw at Old Trafford.
Sir Alex Ferguson was in attendance for the first time since undergoing brain surgery in May as Fred became the 500th different player to score a competitive goal for United when he drilled home the opener, wonderfully set up by Paul Pogba in the 18th minute.
Wolves did not let United's opener unsettle them, though, as they remained a real threat and engineered a deserved equaliser for Moutinho in the 53rd minute.
United pressed for the winner, but could not find a way past a stubborn Wolves side who were more than good value for the point that keeps them in the top half. United sit fifth, eight points behind leaders Liverpool, after a disappointing afternoon that means they've have dropped six points from seven Premier League games at Old Trafford against newly-promoted opposition under Jose Mourinho.
Wolves were much the better side in the opening stages, forcing David de Gea into two fine saves, one from a close-range Raul Jimenez effort, and the other, a more impressive one from a Ryan Bennett header.
Wolves were made to pay for not taking their chances as Fred fired United into the lead. It was all about the Pogba pass, as the France international controlled the ball brilliantly into the path of Fred, who arrived just at the right moment to fire into the net from the edge of the box.
The goal did not deter Wolves, though, as they continued to put United on the back foot, but for all their good possession and pressure, they could not find that killer pass.
Cue Raul Jimenez to provide that telling assist eight minutes into the second half, as he held the ball up in the box and laid it off perfectly for Moutinho, who slammed the ball into the top corner from the 18 yards.
United pressed for the winner, with Marouane Fellaini denied by a smart save from Rui Patricio, but Wolves had chances of their own to win it, with lively substitute Adama Traore forcing De Gea into another save with his feet in stoppage time.
The result dents recent good work from United, who had overcome back-to-back defeats at the end of August by going on a three-match winning streak on the road. Wolves, though, will cause many a team problems this season.
Anthony Martial's stunning second-half goal helped secure Manchester United a 2-1 win over Everton in the Premier League.
Romelu Lukaku was named on the United bench for just the third time since he joined the club from Everton, but the hosts were ahead at half-time without him thanks to Paul Pogba's rebound from a controversial saved penalty (27) following Idrissa Gueye's trip on Martial.
The Frenchman then curled an unstoppable effort past Jordan Pickford from the edge of the box (49) to continue his fine goalscoring form, before Gylfi Sigurdsson halved the deficit from the penalty spot (77) to make for a nervy finish.
The result leaves Jose Mourinho's United in eighth place with 17 points from 10 games, two points and one place above Everton.
A minute's silence was held before the game, the last at Old Trafford before Remembrance Sunday, and also for the events in Leicester on Saturday night.
The early stages saw both sides miss unmarked headers; Andre Gomes nodded straight at David de Gea from a corner, while Juan Mata headed Ashley Young's cross into the ground and into the grateful hands of Pickford.
Martial forced a good save out of Pickford from long range, and was then brought down in the area by Gueye for the penalty, though the Everton man did look to get a touch on the ball. Pogba stepped up with a trademark approach slower than ever, saw his attempt wonderfully saved by Pickford to his right, but slid home the rebound with ease.
United were 2-0 up just after the break through Martial's fourth goal in three Premier League games, curling a first-time beauty into the far corner from 20 yards after Pogba's square ball.
Everton's Bernard rounded De Gea but struck into the side-netting moments later, Marcus Rashford forced a good save out of Pickford's with his feet from an angle, and Pogba did the same as the chances kept flowing.
United allowed Everton a passage back into the game with 13 minutes remaining as Pogba needlessly gave the ball away in midfield, before Chris Smalling upended Richarlison. Sigurdsson duly converted, sending De Gea the wrong way.
Lukaku did eventually come on but glanced a clear header wide before Everton got their goal, while Martial missed a one-on-one chance to get his second in stoppage time before United saw the game out.
Manchester United are now four Premier League games without a victory after a frantic 2-2 draw with Arsenal on Wednesday night at Old Trafford.
Arsenal, against an entirely new United back five, took the lead early on through Shkodran Mustafi's header, which squirmed through David de Gea's hands and just dropped over the line via the goal decision system (26).
Anthony Martial's close-range finish brought United level shortly after (30), before two goals in the space of a minute in the second half as Marcos Rojo's own goal from sub Alexandre Lacazette's effort (68) gave Arsenal the lead only for Jesse Lingard to score just 13 seconds after the restart (69).
The result means United are winless in four Premier League games, leaving them eight points off the top four and a whopping 18 points off leaders Manchester City after just 15 games. Arsenal are unbeaten in 20 games in all competitions but move down to fifth.
Jose Mourinho made seven changes from the draw at Southampton, saying in his programme notes that "there isn't space for people that are not ready to give it their all" as the likes of Paul Pogba and Romelu Lukaku dropped to the bench.
After a dull start, Arsenal were ahead as Mustafi lost Chris Smalling from a Lucas Torreira corner, headed straight at De Gea, only for the Spaniard to let the ball loose through his hands and just over the line. De Gea has kept just two clean sheets in 15 games for United this season.
But United were level just four minutes later in controversial fashion through Martial, as he finished from close range after Ander Herrera's centre, but Herrera looked inches offside from Rojo's initial free-kick.
The second half was lacking in chances until Lacazette's introduction with 25 minutes remaining, and the Frenchman helped put Arsenal ahead three minutes later after Rojo's mistake allowed Arsenal to break through Henrikh Mkhitaryan, and he fed Lacazette helped bundle it past De Gea via a touch from Rojo.
But just seconds after the restart United were back level as Sead Kolasinac got in a mix-up with Bernd Leno, allowing Lingard to steal in and slot home under the goalkeeper.
Arsenal nearly went back ahead minutes later through Aubemeyang, only to see his shot saved by De Gea as he went through on goal, and the goalkeeper looked to make up for his earlier mistake again with a fine stop from Torreira from point-blank range.
Arsenal did have the ball in the net twice late on, once through Lacazette's cheeky header and finish out of De Gea's hand as he looked to release it upfield, and then through Mkhitaryan's acute finish from an offside position.
Manchester United ended their four-game winless run in the Premier League with a comfortable 4-1 victory over bottom-club Fulham.
Ashley Young's terrific opener sent United on their way (13), with Juan Mata then slotting in for his 50th Premier League goal (28).
Romelu Lukaku ended his near 17-hour wait for a goal at Old Trafford (42), and though Aboubakar Kamara got one back from the penalty spot (67), Fulham's hopes diminished a minute later when Andre-Frank Zambo Anguissa was sent off for a second bookable offence.
Marcus Rashford rounded off the comprehensive victory late on (82), and the win lifts United up to sixth in the table, while Fulham's seventh successive away defeat sees them remain bottom - three points from safety.
Only Fulham had kept fewer clean sheets than United going into the match, and it took just 13 minutes for the hosts to go ahead, with Young nutmegging Denis Odoi before firing in a superb effort into the far top corner from a narrow angle.
United continued to dominate and pepper the Fulham box with crosses, and they were soon two in front when Rashford rolled it across for Mata, whose first-time effort nestled into the bottom corner.
After Sergio Rico parried Rashford's free-kick away, United scored their third thanks to a superb corner routine. Young played it short to Mata, whose one-two with Lingard then led to a low cross for Lukaku to tap in from inside the six-yard area - the Belgian's first goal at the ground in 997 minutes.
The second half saw United drop down the gears, and after Chris Smalling hobbled off to be replaced by Marcos Rojo, Ander Herrera brought down Kamara in the box, with the substitute going on to slot in the penalty.
A minute later, Fulham were reduced to 10 men, with Anguissa shown a second yellow for a challenge on Rashford.
A goal looked to be evading Rashford - who recorded two assists - but after forcing a save from Rico, the England international got his name on scoresheet when squeezing a shot in at the near post when the Fulham goalkeeper should perhaps have done better.
Newcastle were held to a 0-0 draw at St James' Park by a Fulham side that kept their first clean sheet of the season.
Neither side were able to create too much but both will feel they could have had the points if penalty appeals had gone their way late in the game.
Substitute Kenedy appeared to be tugged down by Joe Bryan in the Fulham box before Aleksandar Mitrovic, against his old club, had a shot blocked by the arm of Jamaal Lascelles.
Ultimately, Claudio Ranieri's Fulham remain bottom but they showed resolve using a new formation, while Rafa Benitez will again be left thinking decisions have cost his team.
Ranieri's switch to a back-three - although Benitez referred to it as a back-five - seemed to help Fulham as it at least gave them bodies in defence. Newcastle could not break through.
The home side did not attempt a shot on goal until Ki Sung-yueng dragged a long-range effort wide in the 36th minute. Sergio Rico got to the break without needing to make a save.
The most action that the Fulham goalkeeper saw in that opening 45 minutes was to punch his own defender when Alfie Mawson bravely put himself in harm's way.
But the game did come to life following the introduction of Kenedy. In the 77th minute, he looked set to head home a left-wing cross only for Bryan to appear to knock him off balance.
Fulham had a strong shout of their own in the final minutes when Mitrovic, having moments before almost dispossessed a dallying Martin Dubravka, had his shot blocked by an arm.
The ball struck Lascelles high on the arm but he was leaning into it and the decision could easily have gone against Newcastle. As it was, both teams were left bemoaning their luck.
Newcastle dropped to the bottom of the Premier League table after a fifth home defeat in a row in a 1-0 loss to Brighton.
A nasty clash of heads saw Glenn Murray stretchered off and taken straight to hospital, delaying the match for around eight minutes early on, but it was not long before the visitors got themselves in front after Beram Kayal diverted Jose Izquierdo's strike into the net in the 29th minute.
Newcastle pressed for that leveller, but were either frustrated by some fine goalkeeping from Mat Ryan, or their own wayward finishing. In truth, Brighton saw out a first away league win in almost a year with relative ease.
Two points from nine matches sees Newcastle continue their worst-ever start to a top-flight season, with boos audible from all around as Newcastle dropped below Cardiff to sit bottom of the table. Brighton climbed one place to 12th after a second successive win.
The match started at a decent pace, with Ayoze Perez forcing a fine save out of Ryan from point-blank range early on, before Murray went up for a high ball with Federico Fernandez, clashed heads, and seemed to lose consciousness as he hit the ground.
After lengthy treatment on the pitch, Murray was stretchered off, but the club later confirmed he had regained consciousness and was talking. That seemed to slow the tempo of the match in the aftermath, until Brighton took the lead in somewhat fortuitous circumstances.
Shane Duffy headed a corner back to the edge of the Newcastle penalty area, Jose Izquierdo - making his first start of the season - arrived right on cue, drilled for goal, it took one deflection, before then coming off Kayal and finding the net. That final nick took the effort away from Martin Dubravka in the home goal. The chances kept coming and going for Newcastle, with Jonjo Shelvey denied by another fine save from Ryan, before Kenedy fired for goal, only to see the ball skim the top of the crossbar and fly over the top.
After the break, Newcastle put plenty of crosses into the box, but created very few real openings of note. Kenedy's decision to try a rabona shot at goal, when in a good position, which he got badly wrong, summed up their afternoon's efforts.
Brighton could have made the result much more comfortable, but Alireza Jahanbakhsh and Yves Bissouma could not convert when clean through. Nonetheless, they held on to pile the misery on the St James' Park masses.


Goals from Jamie Vardy and Harry Maguire were enough for Leicester to secure a 2-0 victory at winless Newcastle.
Vardy broke the deadlock from the penalty spot on the half-hour mark to net his second goal in as many games after returning from suspension, giving his side the lead going into the interval.
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley was in the stands for the first time in 16 months - on the day Peter Kenyon was reported to be plotting a takeover bid for the club - but he could only look on as Maguire made sure of the away victory in the 73rd minute.
The final whistle was greeted by a chorus of boos from all around St James' Park as Newcastle remain in the bottom three, having lost their first four home league games for the first time in their history. Leicester are up to seventh after their second successive league win.
The home side had the better of the opening exchanges, with Ayoze Perez denied by a fine block from Wilfred Ndidi, before the same man played in Joselu, who delayed far too long before Maguire slid in to make the interception.
Mo Diame then headed wide from a good position, before Newcastle were masters of their own downfall once more, with DeAndre Yedlin handling in the box to concede a 30th-minute penalty.
Vardy stepped up to fire an unstoppable penalty past the despairing dive of Martin Dubravka in the Newcastle goal, increasing the feeling of vitriol around St James' yet further.
After the break, Newcastle continued to offer very little as an attacking force, with Leicester firmly in command despite their narrow advantage in the scoreline.
Maguire, who had earlier embarrassingly missed two attempts to volley for goal, then made sure of the three points for Leicester, heading home from an inch-perfect James Maddison corner.
Newcastle had a few half chances to at least make a game of it late on, with Joselu missing the most threatening opportunity, but his wayward finish summed the home side up, as it appears fans in the north east are in for a long season of struggle.
Javier Hernandez scored twice as West Ham ended Newcastle's winning run with an accomplished 3-0 victory at St James' Park.
Hernandez, starting for the first time in a month, put the Hammers ahead after 11 minutes when he finished from Robert Snodgrass' cross.
The visitors spurned several chances to add to their lead before Hernandez made it 2-0 in the 63rd minute.
Newcastle were largely lacklustre in their hunt for a fourth straight Premier League win and Felipe Anderson's injury-time goal did not flatter the Hammers.
This was the best performance in a while from Manuel Pellegrini's side, who showed greater quality in attack to secure only their second win since the start of October.
Those Newcastle fans who took part in an 11th-minute "walk-in" protest against owner Mike Ashley arrived into the ground just in time to see West Ham take the lead.
Snodgrass curled in a fine cross from the right and Hernandez ran behind a static defence to finish from close range.
West Ham looked threatening on the break and Marko Arnautovic couldn't finish from a tight angle after taking the ball around Martin Dubravka from Anderson's through pass.
Ayoze Perez had Newcastle's best chance of the first half in the 26th minute when he headed over from close range.
Perez dragged a shot wide later in the half while Salomon Rondon saw an effort brilliantly blocked by a sliding Pablo Zabaleta.
Rondon also headed over from a corner in the 53rd minute, but it was downhill for Newcastle from there.
Hernandez wasted two good chances to score, failing to connect with a cross from Arnautovic before firing into the side-netting when he only had Dubravka to beat.
However, the striker made amends in the 63rd minute as he slipped a low shot past the goalkeeper from Arnautovic's header over the top of the defence.
Anderson was then denied by Dubravka but, after Newcastle failed to mount any sort of comeback, the Brazilian made it 3-0 in injury-time when he bundled past Fabian Schar and fired home.
Newcastle recorded their first Premier League victory of the season as Ayoze Perez scored in a 1-0 win over Watford on Saturday.
Having failed to win any of their opening 10 league games of a season for just the second time in their history, the relief around St James Park' was clear to see when the striker headed home (64).
Rafa Benitez's men had to ride their luck at times as Roberto Pereyra hit the crossbar and Gerard Deulofeu was especially wasteful with his finishing in the first half.
The victory, which lifts Newcastle out of the relegation zone, may have come at a cost though as Benitez lost Jamaal Lascelles, Jonjo Shelvey and Yoshinori Muto to injuries.
Watford started brightly and Adrian Mariappa should have punished Newcastle's sloppy marking but he fired wide from eight yards out.
Deulofeu skewed a shot wide from close range after a great run from Jose Holebas but was even more wasteful minutes later when spurning a one-on-one with Newcastle goalkeeper Martin Dubravka.
After the break, it was still Watford doing the more creative work in the final third as Newcastle had to adapt to losing both Shelvey, Lascelles and Muto to injuries.
A Watford goal would have knocked Newcastle for six but Pereyra's curling 50th-minute effort came back off the crossbar and Craig Cathcart headed over when well placed.
Newcastle remained in the game and with 25 minutes remaining edged in front. Ki Sung-yueng - Shelvey's replacement - curled in a majestic set-piece which was glanced into the net by Perez. The relief around St James' was clear to see.
Benitez's men closed the game out in relatively solid style but Stefan Okaka should have equalised for Watford in stoppage time but blazed over from eight yards out.
Arsenal secured a third successive Premier League win under Unai Emery with a 2-1 victory over Newcastle on Saturday.
After a lacklustre first-half at St James' Park, Granit Xhaka's stunning free-kick (49) broke the deadlock before Mesut Ozil (58) doubled his side's advantage on his 200th appearance for the club.
Substitute Ciaran Clark pulled one back in stoppage time (90+1) but it proved to be too little too late for the hosts as Emery's side held on for all three points.
Victory sees the Gunners move up to seventh in the table, while Newcastle, who have just one point from their opening five games, stay 18th.
Rafael Benitez's approach had been questioned earlier in the season but against Arsenal, Newcastle started on the front foot. In the ninth minute, Ayoze Perez's pass released Jacob Murphy in behind Hector Bellerin but the winger's cut back could not pick out a team-mate as Xhaka cleared.
Murphy had the chance to redeem himself in the 20th minute as Shkodran Mustafi's slip let him in, but Sokratis got his central defensive partner out of trouble with an excellent covering tackle.
The visitors slowly grew into the game and the pace of Alexandre Lacazette and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was causing the home side problems. Arsenal's best chance though fell to Aaron Ramsey, who, with support waiting, sliced a cross high over the crossbar after being played in by Lacazette.
Emery reacted to the Gunners' poor first-half display by sending on Lucas Torreira for Matteo Guendouzi, and it was a move that paid off as his side took the lead four minutes after the restart.
Referee Lee Probert handed the Gunners a free-kick 25 yards from goal after Aubameyang was adjudged to have been clipped by Federico Fernandez and Xhaka curled a left-foot free-kick past Martin Dubravka and into the top corner.
The visitors extended their advantage nine minutes later after Lacazette's shot had been blocked, Ozil steered the rebound past Dubravka.
Benitez sent on Kenedy and Yoshi Muto as he looked to rescue something from the game, but it was Clark who pulled what proved to be a consolation goal back with a stoppage-time header from Fernandez's cross.


Matt Doherty's stoppage-time header ensured Wolves made it back-to-back wins in the Premier League following a 2-1 win against 10-man Newcastle at St James' Park.
Diogo Jota (17) scored his second goal in as many Premier League matches to give the visitors the lead but Newcastle were back on level terms six minutes later through Ayoze Perez's header (23).
The hosts were left to play 33 minutes with 10 men when referee Mike Dean showed DeAndre Yedlin a straight red card for bringing down Jota, but it looked like Rafael Benitez's side had done enough to hold on for a point until Doherty pounced in the fourth minute of stoppage time to seal Wolves' first away win in two months.
Victory sees Nuno Espirito Santo's side move up to 10th in the Premier League, while Newcastle stay 15th, three points above the relegation places.
The visitors made the perfect start, taking the lead in the 17th minute when Helder Costa's flat cross from the right picked out Jota, who controlled the ball on his chest before volleying past Martin Dubravka from close range.
Newcastle almost found themselves further behind as Jota's low cross almost picked out Adama Traore at the far post but they were back on level terms six minutes after going behind with Salomon Rondon playing a key role.
The Venezuela striker's stunning free-kick beat Rui Patricio but crashed back off the underside of the crossbar. The visitors struggled to clear which allowed Rondon the chance to produce an inch-perfect cross for Perez, who flicked a superb header past Rui Patricio.
Newcastle were forced into a change at the break as Javier Manquillo replaced Federico Fernandez, who picked up a calf injury. It also meant a positional change for Yedlin, who moved to an unfamiliar position on the right side of a back three.
The hosts were then reduced to 10 men in the 57th minute when, under no pressure at all, Yedlin slipped as he tried to play the ball to Jamaal Lascelles. It allowed Jota to nip and burst past the American, who deliberately pulled him back just outside the penalty area leaving the referee with no choice but to brandish a red card.
Nuno sent on Raul Jimenez and Morgan Gibbs-White in place of Traore and Romain Saiss in search of a winner and the changes almost paid off, Jimenez striking the ball against the crossbar from 20 yards in the 74th minute.
Benitez, already upset by decision to send off Yedlin, was further frustrated when Perez was left clutching his face on the floor following a challenge from Wily Boly. Wolves launched a counter-attack and Doherty almost picked out the far corner but he was denied by a flying Dubravka, who turned the ball around the post.
Just as it was looking as if 10-man Newcastle would hold on for a draw, a stoppage-time shot from Jota was pushed into the path of Doherty by Dubravka and the Republic of Ireland international could not miss with a close-range header right at the death.
Miguel Almiron impressed on his full debut as Newcastle pulled four points clear of the bottom three with a 2-0 win over 10-man Huddersfield at St James' Park.
Huddersfield captain Tommy Smith was given a straight red card for a dangerous lunge on Almiron with just 20 minutes on the clock and although the visitors held out until half-time, Salomon Rondon fired home his seventh league goal of the season to break the deadlock less than a minute after the re-start.
The striker then turned provider for Ayoze Perez to sweep in a second six minutes later. Newcastle could have added to their tally late on, but substitute Kenedy and Sean Longstaff were both denied by the woodwork.
Nonetheless, Newcastle picked up their third home league win in a row - their best such run since April last year - to pull away from the drop zone, while yet another defeat leaves Huddersfield 14 points from safety at the foot of the table.
Newcastle's January signing Almiron was in the thick of the action right from the off, clipping a nice cross into the path of Perez, but Huddersfield goalkeeper Jonas Lossl was out sharply to gather.
Almiron really should have opened his account in the 12th minute, racing clear of the Huddersfield backline as Newcastle put together a sumptuous move, he elected to loft the ball over the advancing Lossl, only for the ball to come out off the post, the rebound fell for Rondon, who drilled against the same post and wide.
Rondon then had the chance to break the deadlock at the end of the first half, but he could not guide the header, after being brilliantly picked out by Longstaff, on target.
The Huddersfield resistance was broken less than a minute into the second half, with Longstaff firing over the long pass, DeAndre Yedlin headed the ball back across goal, Isaac Hayden poked it into the path of Rondon who slammed the ball home.
Six minutes later it was two, with Rondon this time cushioning a pass through for Perez, who made up for earlier misses with a fine finish as it looked like Newcastle were going to run riot.
They failed to add to their tally however, with Kenedy's brilliant volley and a sublime Longstaff curling effort both coming out off the woodwork, but they saw out an easy victory at an canter.
A Salomon Rondon double secured Newcastle a second successive victory in the Premier League, with the 2-1 win condemning Bournemouth to back-to-back defeats.
Rondon's first league goal for Newcastle (7) sent the hosts on their way, and the Venezuelan headed in a fabulous second (40) to stretch their lead.
A knee injury midway through the half for Bournemouth left-back Adam Smith brought about eight minutes of stoppage time, and Jefferson Lerma (45+6) headed the visitors back into contention.
However, Newcastle valiantly held on in the second half, and the victory lifts them up to 14th in the table ahead of the international break, while Bournemouth remain sixth.
Rondon got Newcastle off to a perfect start, tapping in a rebound after his initial effort was parried back into his path by Bournemouth goalkeeper Asmir Begovic.
Shortly after, a Federico Fernandez challenge on David Brooks went unpunished inside the Newcastle area, and the game was then halted for eight minutes as Smith was treated for a knee injury, having innocuously gone down after feigning a free-kick in his own half.
After the delay, an unstoppable Rondon header from Kenedy's cross gave Newcastle daylight, and they could have stretched their lead further but for two superb Begovic saves, first denying Kenedy before preventing Callum Wilson - fresh from his first England call-up - from flicking the ball into his own net.
Bournemouth clawed their way back into the match in the sixth minute of stoppage time, with Lerma heading in from a corner after Martin Dubravka had denied Steve Cook from point-blank range.
Ayoze Perez fired narrowly wide just before half-time, and 10 minutes into the second half Rondon headed wide as he searched for his hat-trick.
Jordon Ibe squandered a golden opportunity to level when firing over for Bournemouth, and after Begovic parried substitute Christian Atsu's effort, Rondon was denied his third late on when Begovic's boot kept out the low strike.
Manchester United made it four wins from four under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer with a 2-0 victory over Newcastle at St. James' Park that saw the interim manager emulate Sir Matt Busby.
Substitute Romelu Lukaku scored with his first touch on 63 minutes, 38 seconds after coming on, before Marcus Rashford wrapped up the three points 10 minutes from time.
The victory sees Solskjaer become only the second manager in Manchester United's history to win their first four games in charge, after Busby in 1946, and sees sixth-placed United move to within six points of the top four.
Newcastle, who have now won just one of their last eight league games, stay 15th, just two points clear of the relegation zone.
Manchester United had not tasted victory on Tyneside since March 2015, and that looked set to continue as they rode their luck in a first-half performance in stark contrast of those seen in Solskjaer's first three games.
Christian Atsu could have had a first-half hat-trick, but the Ghana international was twice thwarted by David de Gea before dragging a shot wide inside the opening 20 minutes.
Anthony Martial lofted an effort onto the roof of the net midway though the half before Salomon Rondon did the same with a header 10 minutes before the interval.
There were signs that Manchester United were just starting to build some momentum before the break, and that continued in the second half with Rashford flashing a shot wide on 52 minutes.
Solskjaer brought Lukaku and Sanchez off the bench on 63 minutes, and the former had an immediate impact, punishing Martin Dubravka after he spilled a dipping Rashford free-kick in the six-yard box.
Rashford then got himself on the scoresheet, applying the finishing touch at the end of a rapid counter on 80 minutes as Solskjaer extended him dream start to life at United with a fourth win and a first clean sheet.
Chelsea made it three wins from three with a dramatic 2-1 victory at Newcastle on Renault Super Sunday.
DeAndre Yedlin's unfortunate own goal on 87 minutes sealed the win for Maurizio Sarri's dominant side - who had 81 per cent possession - after a controversial finale at St. James' Park.
Eden Hazard fired Chelsea in front from the penalty spot on 76 minutes after Fabian Schar was harshly penalised for a foul on Marcos Alonso, but Newcastle were level six minutes later as Joselu's near-post header was allowed to stand, despite Yedlin catching Olivier Giroud in the face with an elbow in the build-up.
Chelsea had the final word, though, as Yedlin turned Alonso's cross into his own net to maintain the Blues' flawless start to the season, and leave Rafa Benitez's men waiting for their first win.
Newcastle, bolstered by four new signings making their full debuts, set their stall out from the start and registered the game's first effort on target, Jacob Murphy's low drive drawing Kepa Arrizabalaga into a save on six minutes.
Chelsea thought they had lost Eden Hazard to injury on 20 minutes but the Belgian shook off a knock, tormented the Newcastle defence and brought the game to life as a contest.
Hazard nearly broke the deadlock on 24 minutes but his effort with the outside of his boot curled away from goal. Six minutes later he embarked on a trademark run, beating three defenders, but he dragged a shot wide.
The subdued encounter was now frantic as two new Newcastle signings nearly provided the opener on 34 minutes, but Salomon Rondon headed wide from Federico Fernandez's cross from the left.
Pedro pounced on a poor clearance from Ki Sung-yeung and whistled a shot wide of the top corner on 36 minutes, before Martin Dubravka produced a fine save to keep the Spaniard's low effort out.
Chelsea picked up from where they left off after the interval. An intricate move released Cesar Azpilicueta in down the right but he fired straight at Dubravka, before Alvaro Morata's touch let him down after the Chelsea captain found his compatriot in space in the area.
Antonio Rudiger rattled the crossbar with a thunderous 30-yard drive on 73 minutes before Chelsea were handed the chance to take the lead when referee Paul Tierney penalised Schar for a trip on Alonso, despite the Newcastle debutant appearing to get a touch on the ball.
Up stepped Hazard who made no mistake from 12 yards, rifling the ball to Dubravka's right, but out of the blue Newcastle were level.
With Giroud on the floor clutching his face after a clash with Yedlin, the Newcastle full-back whipped a wicked ball in for substitute Joselu to power a header past Arrizabalaga.
But an unlikely point was snatched out of Newcastle's clutches as Giroud cushioned Willian's free-kick into the path of Alonso, and his effort cannoned off Yedlin to break hearts on Tyneside.

Newcastle earned a battling point at Southampton to move off the foot of the Premier League table as two teams bereft of confidence played out a 0-0 draw at St Mary's.
Southampton, who remain 16th and two points outside the relegation zone, came closest to breaking the deadlock with Mohamed Elyounoussi, Mario Lemina and Shane Long all spurning good chances.
The Magpies failed to have a shot on target all game, with a wayward effort from Jonjo Shelvey one of few attempts of any note.
Mark Hughes' Saints have now gone five home games without a goal, while this represented a third goalless draw away from home for Newcastle this season.
There was a humorous moment in the first half when Rafa Benitez accidentally knocked his glasses off, but there was very little the Newcastle boss would have missed in the way of goalmouth action.
Southampton were the brighter side, and should have taken the lead after just three minutes when Ryan Bertrand's mishit shot fell at the feet of Elyounoussi but Newcastle goalkeeper Martin Dubravka did well to smother his shot with Charlie Austin waiting unmarked for the square pass.
Saints were untroubled by their opponents and again came close when Bertrand latched onto Nathan Redmond's pass before finding Lemina, but his flicked effort struck the foot of the near post.
n the third minute of added time at the end of the opening period, Bertrand was again the provider as his corner was met by Jack Stephens, but Dubravka dived to his left to keep out the defender's header.
Southampton signalled their intentions early in the second period as Bertrand's cross found Danny Ings, but his shot was blocked by his own team-mate Austin, summing up Saints recent woes in front of goal.
Shelvey then blazed over, having chopped inside two home defenders, before Austin was correctly penalised for a foul on Dubravka which resulted in his simple finish being chalked off.
Newcastle continued to defend resolutely as both Cedric Soares and Redmond had efforts blocked, and as the game ticked into stoppage time, Long missed a gilt-edged chance from Cedric's cut-back as he dragged his shot wide.
Ross Barkley played a starring role as Chelsea kept up their exciting start to the Premier League season with a 3-0 win over Southampton on Super Sunday.
Barkley, who was recalled to the England squad in midweek, was handed his third start of the season and set up Eden Hazard for the opener (30) before scoring himself from close range (57) - his first goal for the club.
Alvaro Morata made it 3-0 (90+2) as Southampton struggled to make the most of some clear openings, including a jaw-dropping miss from Danny Ings from three yards out.
The victory keeps Chelsea unbeaten and moves them to the joint-top of the Premier League, level on points with Liverpool and Manchester City.
Southampton have now taken just 15 points from their last 20 league games, which is the lowest amount of any team in the Premier League.
Southampton started like a team with only one win in their last 14 home games as Chelsea's possession stats read 85 per cent after 20 minutes.
But it was the hosts that should have struck first when Ings somehow fired over from inside the six-yard box after some great play down the left by Ryan Bertrand.
Olivier Giroud had a strong penalty shout turned down after being caught late by Wesley Hoedt but they surged ahead minutes later.
Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg was robbed in possession by Barkley and he played through a perfect ball for Hazard, who smashed a shot past Alex McCarthy.
Southampton switched to a 4-4-2 after the break and grabbed the initiative but Bertrand volleyed over at the back post when well positioned.
Chelsea, always a threat with Hazard, doubled the advantage on 57 minutes.
Jose Holebas' late strike denied Southampton a first Premier League win of the season at St Mary's as Watford came from behind to earn a 1-1 draw on Saturday.
Manolo Gabbiadini made the breakthrough after 20 minutes, the Italian's first top-flight goal in front of his own fans since scoring against Newcastle United 13 months ago.
However, after Charlie Austin had a goal controversially disallowed for offside midway through the second half, the visitors claimed a share of the spoils thanks to Holebas' deflected effort eight minutes from time.
As a result, Mark Hughes' side remain 17th in the table having won just once at home in the league this year, while Watford move up to seventh.
The Saints may have come into this game on a seven-match winless run, but after Gerard Deulofeu failed to beat Alex McCarthy when through on goal with an early chance, the hosts took control.
Ben Foster had to be alert to keep out Wesley Hoedt's initial close-range header, but the visitors were not so lucky from Nathan Redmond's next corner.
The full back's delivery from the left was actually poor, allowing Roberto Pereyra the chance to clear his lines. However, the forward was caught in possession in the area by the alert Danny Ings, before the recalled Gabbiadini nipped in to fire his side ahead.
Javi Gracia's team thought they should have had a penalty just before the hour-mark when Nathaniel Chalobah - making his first start in over a year - was hacked down in the box by the already-booked Ryan Bertrand, only for referee Simon Hooper to deem it a fair challenge.
There was more controversy after 66 minutes following a fine run by Redmond, who found Austin just inside the area, with the substitute then beating Foster with the help of a slight deflection off a Watford player.
However, after consulting assistant Harry Lennard, Mr Hooper - in only his fourth Premier League game - decided incorrectly that it was Southampton defender Maya Yoshida, standing in an offside position, who had diverted Austin's shot past Foster and so was interfering with play.
And that decision became even more unpopular with the Saints faithful when Watford levelled matters late on after James Ward-Prowse made a hash of a clearance, allowing Holebas to beat McCarthy with the help of a wicked deflection off Cedric Soares.
Kenneth Zohore scored a 93rd-minute winner to give Cardiff a 2-1 victory at Southampton which moved them out of the Premier League's bottom three, on a day when both clubs paid tribute to Emiliano Sala.
Cardiff warmed up in shirts featuring an image of their striker, who this week was confirmed to have died in a plane crash, and there was a minute's silence before kick-off.
When the action got underway at St Mary's, the first half was a quiet one, but Sol Bamba (69) slotted home after the break to put Cardiff ahead.
It looked like Southampton had snatched a point in the first minute of added time when Jack Stephens netted at the back post, but it was the visitors who had the final say as Zohore managed to sneak the ball into the net and seal all three points for the Bluebirds.
Cardiff have now won consecutive top-flight matches for the first time since April 1962 and go above Southampton into 16th place, while Saints drop into the relegation zone after Burnley's 3-1 win at Brighton, now in 18th on goal difference.
Southampton shaded the few chances in the first half, and went close in the 12th minute. Ryan Bertrand burst down the left-hand side before whipping a cross into the area. Hojbjerg attempted a shot, but could not connect, before the ball was sent just wide by the leg of Lee Peltier.
The only shot on target of the opening period came in the 39th minute as Joe Ralls' headed clearance fell to the feet of Hojbjerg, who tried his luck from 20 yards, but it went straight into the hands of Neil Etheridge at the near post.
Cardiff scored from their first corner of the game in the 69th minute. Ralls delivered the set-piece, which Callum Paterson nodded down towards the back post. Bamba had got away from his marker, Oriol Romeu, to slot home before jumping over the hoardings and celebrating with the away fans.
Five minutes later and Cardiff could have had a second. A clearance from Romeu landed to January signing Leandro Bacuna, who powered the ball towards goal and forced a save from Alex McCarthy. Southampton also saw three efforts blocked in quick succession in the 77th minute, with a Yan Valery shot saved by the foot of Etheridge before Charlie Austin was twice denied by Peltier.
As five minutes of added time were shown, Southampton found the back of the net. James Ward-Prowse delivered a corner which whistled across the face of goal and found the incoming Stephens at the back post, and he slotted home past Etheridge.
But the result was not yet decided as, two minutes later, Cardiff scored their all-important winner. Harry Arter's lashed effort found the feet of Victor Camarasa, who did well to hold the ball up before laying it off to Zohore. He then fired through the packed box and saw it squeeze into the bottom corner as Cardiff snatched all three points.
Felipe Anderson's double helped West Ham come from behind to beat Southampton 2-1 at St Mary's and move into the top half of the Premier League.
Having been under pressure for much of the first half, it was Southampton who in fact edged in front in the 50th minute with Nathan Redmond bundling the ball home for his second goal in as many games.
However, despite failing to find any rhythm earlier in the match, West Ham's top goalscorer Anderson stepped up with a fine equaliser from 25 yards just 168 seconds later, before turning the match on its head following a swift counter on the hour mark, taking his tally to eight league goals already this season.
Mario Lemina almost scored a late leveller, but was denied by a fine Lukasz Fabianski save as West Ham picked up a fifth win in six league games to climb to ninth, while Southampton stay 16th.
West Ham were without 10 first-team players for the trip to the south coast, and could only name six players on the bench such is the extent of their injury crisis.
Their woes looked set to worsen early on, but Redmond could only shoot straight at West Ham goalkeeper Fabianski.
The visitors grew into the match, however, and had the best chance of the half with Aaron Cresswell squaring a perfect pass for Lucas Perez, but the West Ham striker scuffed wide from point-blank range.
After the break, the hosts stepped it up a gear and soon had themselves in front. Oriol Romeu's strike was well saved by Fabianski, it came out to Danny Ings and Redmond, who appeared to be offside, but Grady Diangana was deep, playing them both on. Romeu bundled the ball back towards goal before Redmond got the final touch on the goal line under a challenge from Angelo Ogbonna.
Nonetheless, the in-form Anderson lifted the visitors with an immediate equaliser out of nowhere, arrowing a fine strike into the net from distance, catching Alex McCarthy out at his near post.
Then, with Saints pressing for a goal down the other end, West Ham countered at pace, Michail Antonio squared for Anderson, who again finished superbly to complete the turnaround.
Saints pressed for a leveller, with Lemina denied by a fine save from Fabianski, but the visitors held out to get back to winning ways after their pre-Christmas defeat to Watford.
Manchester City rallied from successive defeats to reassert themselves in the Premier League title race with a 3-1 win over Southampton at St Mary's.
David Silva's 10th-minute opener was scant reward for City's slick early play, yet Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg - who was later sent off - threatened another troubling afternoon for the champions when he lashed Saints level (37).
But the game turned back decisively in a dramatic end to the first half as James Ward-Prowse, after being denied a penalty, diverted into his own net (45), before Sergio Aguero struck (45+3) to seal a result that lifts City back into second.
Pep Guardiola's side had surrendered the title initiative to Liverpool during a cheerless December featuring three league defeats, but they head into Thursday's showdown with the leaders seven points behind, knowing victory in front of the Sky Sports cameras could trim an ominous gap to four points.
Guardiola had talked up his stuttering side's stats ahead of the game and they started with purpose, David Silva forcing a fine save from Alex McCarthy before slotting past him soon after when namesake Bernardo and Riyad Mahrez combined.
Charlie Austin dithered when through on goal just moments before the breakthrough and City's bravado at the back might have been punished but Saints were camped in by City's one-touch weaving, Aguero thwarted by McCarthy after another sweeping move down the right.
A shift in momentum was unexpected but it came as Austin forced Ederson into a fine save with a flicked header, before Hojbjerg robbed Oleksandr Zinchenko of the ball and rifled into the roof of the net.
Guardiola slumped into his seat but the game suddenly lurched back in his side's favour. Ward-Prowse called for a penalty after tumbling under close attention from Zinchenko but straight up the other end, unwittingly prodded Raheem Sterling's cross beyond his goalkeeper.
Aguero met Zinchenko's cross minutes later and Southampton hope, having been swiftly snuffed out, never looked like reigniting.
City bossed the ball after the break but though Sterling had a series of opportunities - denied on one occasion by McCarthy's head - and Aguero hit a post, they were unable to add further gloss to the scoreline.
The tiring Saints finished with 10 men as Hojbjerg saw red (85) for a meaty challenge on Fernandinho but the game was long gone, home supporters streaming out as City's travelling fans warned Jurgen Klopp's Reds: "We'll fight to the end."
Glenn Murray scored a 91st-minute penalty to seal a 2-2 draw for Brighton against Southampton on Monday Night Football after Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg's stunning opener.
The midfielder produced a moment of magic in the 35th minute of a lacklustre first half with a swerving effort from outside the box, before Danny Ings (64) converted from the spot after being fouled by Gaetan Bong in the area.
But two minutes and nine seconds later, Shane Duffy (67) nodded home a Brighton reply and it was the defender who was fouled by James Ward-Prowse to win a late penalty, which Murray slotted home (90+1).
It is the second 2-2 draw in a row for Chris Hughton's side, who are level on five points with Southampton, although are a place behind the Saints in 14th on goal difference.
The first half was a cagey affair, and it took 22 minutes for a sight of goal. Hojbjerg headed a deep corner across the area and after some pinball, Ings saw his effort blocked. Mohamed Elyounoussi then attempted to sweep home the loose ball, but his effort went high over the crossbar. The Norwegian had another glorious chance not long after as he rose to meet a cross from Nathan Redmond, but could only direct the ball wide of the post.
Southampton made the breakthrough with 10 minutes of the half to play thanks to a stunning strike from Hojbjerg. Eloynoussi's cross into the area was cleared by Lewis Dunk but it fell straight to the feet of the Dane, who hit a wonderful strike from 35 yards, leaving Brighton goalkeeper Mat Ryan furious.
Chris Hughton clearly had strong words for Brighton at the break as they came racing out of the traps in the second half. After mostly being a spectator in the first period, Alex McCarthy was called upon after seven minutes as Anthony Knockaert tried his luck with a fierce drive but the goalkeeper pushed it away strongly before Solly March skewed the rebound.
But the Saints doubled their lead in the 64th minute after Gaetan Bong caught Ings from behind in the box, with referee Anthony Taylor instantly pointing to the penalty spot. The striker stepped up to take it and, after a stuttering run-up, slotted home into the bottom-left corner.
However, Brighton rallied almost instantly as they pulled a goal back. Knockaert delivered an in-swinging free kick that was powered home by the head of Duffy from 10 yards out. The Seagulls kept pushing for their equaliser as McCarthy was forced to palm away a Jurgen Locadia header on the stroke of 90 minutes, but they got their reward not long after.
Ward-Prowse was penalised for pushing Duffy over as Brighton had a corner, with referee Taylor again signalling to the spot. It was Murray - scoring in his third successive league game against Southampton - who stepped up, going down the middle to complete the Seagulls' comeback.
Ryan Bertrand almost had the final say as he fired a curling free-kick towards goal but an impressive, leaping save from Ryan kept him at bay as the points were shared.
Manchester United fought back from two goals down to secure a point but their Premier League struggles continued with a 2-2 draw at Southampton.
All the goals came in the first half at St Mary's and it was Southampton who raced into an early two-goal lead thanks to Stuart Armstrong's third goal in two games (13) and a stunning free-kick from Cedric Soares (20).
United, who started with Scott McTominay and Nemanja Matic in a back three alongside Phil Jones, put a lacklustre opening behind them with two goals in six minutes as Romelu Lukaku (33) and Ander Herrera (39) brought Jose Mourinho's side level, but they could not find a winner in what was a poor second half.
Southampton held on for what could prove to be a valuable point to move up to 18th in the league and ease the pressure on manager Mark Hughes, while a point takes United - who are without a win in three Premier League games for the first time since December 2017 - up to seventh.
Hughes urged his side to be positive against United ahead of kick-off and his players took his advice on board as Armstrong drilled a powerful effort past David de Gea and into the far corner after being played in by Michael Obafemi.
The hosts extended their advantage in the 20th minute, following Marcus Rashford's foul on Mario Lemina, Cedric striking an inch-perfect free-kick over the wall and into the top corner.
Southampton's celebrations were dampened slightly when Lukaku raced onto Rashford's through ball before confidently thumping the ball into the top corner for his first goal for the club since September 15.
Six minutes later and United were back on level terms. Rashford did well to get to the byline before pulling the ball back for Herrera, whose flick found its way past Alex McCarthy at the near post.
The momentum had swung back in United's favour after Mourinho's men hauled themselves back into the game, but after the interval they failed to kick on and up the tempo again.
Marouane Fellaini headed wide after meeting Ashley Young's free-kick and Luke Shaw shot wide from the edge of the box but the visitors struggled to create any clear-cut opportunities to score a winner.
Mourinho threw on Anthony Martial in search of a third in the 77th minute but, with time running out, Southampton looked to be finishing the game the stronger of the two sides.
Armstrong nodded just wide from Redmond's drilled corner, while De Gea had to be alert to keep out long-range efforts from Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg and Redmond after Paul Pogba had inexplicably passed the ball straight to the hosts.

Charlie Austin struck late in a 3-2 win for Southampton as new boss Ralph Hasenhuttl made an instant impact at St Mary's to end Arsenal's 22-game unbeaten run.
Danny Ings had twice put the Saints ahead (20, 44) on his return from injury but they were pegged back by two Henrik Mkhitaryan efforts (28, 53).
With the game locked at 2-2, both teams had chances to win it but substitute Austin headed home for his fifth goal against the Gunners (85) after Arsenal goalkeeper Bernd Leno misjudged a high cross.
A first home league win of the season lifts Southampton out of the bottom three and Hasenhuttl, who replaced Mark Hughes earlier this month, celebrated on the pitch with his players at full-time.
Arsenal have yet to be in front at half-time this season and once again their sharpness early on could be questioned. Ings made them pay on 20 minutes when he headed home from 10 yards after a pinpoint cross from the left by Matt Targett.
The Gunners looked in danger of falling further behind but replied eight minutes later. Nacho Monreal provided the width down the left and his cross was guided home by Mkhitaryan.
The game continued to ebb and flow in front of a buoyant crowd, who were witnessing their team play a tempo not seen yet this season. They were off their seats just before the break when Ings doubled his tally.
Again, Arsenal failed to deal with a ball into the box - this time from Nathan Redmond - and Ings was on hand to divert a sumptuous looping header into the top corner.
Unai Emery sent on Alexandre Lacazette in place of the injured Hector Bellerin at half-time and switched to a back four. The changes sparked an almost instant response.
Oriol Romeu dallied in possession, which allowed Mkhitaryan to strike from the edge of the box, via a deflection off Jannik Vestergaard and into the net.
Shane Long provided Saints with an extra edge when coming off the bench and he had a goal disallowed with 15 minutes remaining after Maya Yoshida's header was saved brilliantly by Leno.
But the goalkeeper couldn't keep out Austin minutes later. Long burst away down the right-hand side and his cross deceived Leno, and allowed the striker to head into the empty net.
Eric Dier's first Premier League goal in 18 months handed Spurs a narrow 1-0 victory over Cardiff who had Joe Ralls sent off at Wembley.
The winning goal came after just eight minutes when Dier side-footed into the corner from close range after Davinson Sanchez's header had deflected into his path.
Cardiff had their chances to equalise, particularly through Josh Murphy whose goalbound effort was cleared off the line by Toby Alderweireld, but Ralls' sending off for a knee-high foul on Lucas Moura after an hour proved costly.
The result means that Spurs have moved into third place in the Premier League table while Cardiff have slipped to bottom following Huddersfield's draw against Burnley.
Fresh from their disappointing defeat to Barcelona in midweek, Spurs started the game on the front foot and raced into an early lead. Kieran Trippier's cross into the box was met by the head of Sanchez and although the Colombian's effort was blocked by Sol Bamba, the ball dropped perfectly to Dier inside the six-yard-box to finish the rebound.
Cardiff struggled to deal with Spurs' set-pieces early on and Sanchez almost doubled the home side's lead after a quarter of an hour when his shot was blocked by Neil Etheridge after the ball had dropped his way via a Lucas Moura run.
After responding slowly to going behind, Cardiff had a great opportunity to equalise on 23 minutes. Josh Murphy showed remarkable pace to breeze past Danny Rose and latch onto a Calum Paterson flick-on and although he was able to lift the ball over Hugo Lloris, Alderweireld beat Junior Hoilett to the bouncing ball to hack it off the line.
Either side of the break, Spurs had numerous chances to finish off the visitors. Lucas missed two gilt-edged opportunities to settle the contest before the interval. First, he missed a header from a Trippier cross and then side-footed a Heung-min Son cut-back wide, while Harry Kane and Lucas again were denied by interventions from Etheridge and Sean Morrison just after the restart.
Just before the hour-mark, Cardiff's hopes of getting something from the game were dealt a huge blow when Ralls was given a straight red for a cynical lunge on Lucas by the halfway line. After the Brazilian had knocked the ball past him, Ralls hacked him down with a dangerous challenge that caught him by the knee. Kane was booked for his angry reaction to the foul.
Despite being reduced to ten-men, it was Cardiff who actually had the best opportunity to score in the final half hour when Morrison's header from a Victor Camarasa free-kick forced Lloris into a smart save down to his right with the ball ricocheting off the post before being cleared by Alderweireld.
Riyad Mahrez's early goal gave Manchester City a 1-0 win over Tottenham at Wembley to send them back to the top of the Premier League.
Mahrez's close-range finish gave the champions the victory after Kieran Trippier's mistake (6), and the former Leicester man raised his hands to the sky in celebration, afterwards dedicating the goal to Foxes owner Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha following his tragic death.
David Silva somehow missed from close range after the break, and Spurs missed their big chance late on as Erik Lamela struck over the bar from 10 yards with the goal gaping.
The result means Man City remain unbeaten with 26 points out of a possible 30, while Spurs are five points further back in fifth.
Much of the talk pre-game was of the state of the Wembley turf following the NFL fixture on Sunday, and City chose to bypass a worn-out central area for their early opener.
Ederson's long punt caused problems for Trippier, who got caught under the ball and allowed Raheem Sterling to ease into the area, before Mahrez slotted home his centre from eight yards.
Harry Kane then struck narrowly over from 25 yards, Toby Alderweireld directed an unmarked header straight at Ederson, while at the other end Mahrez's effort from a tight angle was tipped onto the post by Hugo Lloris.
David Silva missed a glorious chance to make it 2-0 after the break from Bernardo Silva's square ball, bizarrely choosing to take a touch from six yards with the majority of the goal to aim at.
Eventually, Sterling saw his effort blocked and Spurs survived, much to the anger of Pep Guardiola in the dugout.
Sergio Aguero should have done better as he struck straight at Lloris from 10 yards in space, and Spurs were somehow still in it with 10 minutes remaining as Erik Lamela skied over from 10 yards with just Ederson to beat from Dele Alli's pass.
David de Gea produced a string of superb saves as Manchester United held on to beat Tottenham 1-0 and secure a sixth win in a row for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer.
Marcus Rashford scored the winner late in the first half but Solskjaer was indebted to De Gea, who made no less than 11 saves to withstand a second-half Spurs barrage to seal the historic victory for the United interim manager.
The sixth straight win victory sees Solskjaer confirm the best start of any manager in Manchester United's history, and sees him equal Sir Matt Busby's five wins in his first five league games.
United move level with fifth-placed Arsenal as a result, and to within six points of the top four. Spurs remain third, nine points off Liverpool after suffering a huge dent in their title aspirations.
It was billed as Solskjaer's toughest assignment to date but there was no change in philosophy from the United interim boss in a first half full of attacking flare. Spurs registered the first attempt on goal inside nine minutes when Harry Winks dragged a shot wide after good hold-up play from Heung-Min Son, but that was where the script ended as United asserted themselves.
Ander Herrera brilliantly controlled a Pogba diagonal pass, whipped a peach of a cross into the area which was flicked onto Jesse Lingard at the back post, but the England international blazed over. A minute later a rapid counter involving Pogba and Anthony Martial presented Rashford which a sight of goal but, having opted not to square for Lingard, he could not generate enough power on his left foot to beat Hugo Lloris.
Pogba continued to pull the strings in midfield as he won back possession on halfway on 18 minutes and released Martial, who weaved his way into the area before drawing Lloris into action at his near post.
Harry Kane led the Spurs response, bringing a corner under control on 25 minutes, only for his shot to be blocked by Phil Jones, before the Spurs skipper had his close-range tap-in ruled out for offside on the half-hour.
Spurs lost Moussa Sissoko to injury just before half-time and United applied further salt to the wound as a raking Pogba pass played Rashford in behind, and he superbly rifled the opener into the far corner in the final minute of the half.
Spurs laid siege to the United goal after the interval but came across an inspired De Gea. Kane fired a low drive at the feet of the United goalkeeper within minutes of the restart, before Alli saw a header clawed off the line by the Spaniard at full stretch.
Lloris then denied compatriot Pogba from doubling United's lead with a towering header before tipping his lofted shot onto the roof of the net before the hour mark.
Kane headed a corner straight at De Gea while under pressure from Jones on 59 minutes, before the Spurs striker and Erik Lamela transpired to waste another opportunity, after Kieran Trippier's cross from the right.
But the best was yet to come from De Gea. Alli was denied at the end of a counter before Toby Alderweireld's deft near-post flick from a corner was superbly kept out. Alli and Kane continued to pepper the United goal to no avail as the impenetrable De Gea sealed the victory.
Christian Eriksen came off the bench to score a 91st-minute winner for Tottenham and seal a 1-0 victory over Burnley at Wembley on Saturday.
Burnley defended resolutely and wasted time where possible, and looked to be set for a point after Joe Hart twice denied Erik Lamela.
However, Harry Kane picked out Eriksen in stoppage time, and the Dane fired beyond a helpless Hart to end Burnley's resistance in dramatic fashion.
The victory ensures Spurs remain five points behind leaders Manchester City, while Burnley are teetering two points above the relegation zone in 17th.
The victory ensures Spurs remain five points behind leaders Manchester City, while Burnley are teetering two points above the relegation zone in 17th.
However, the hosts did go close in the first half, with Lucas Moura dinking a first-time volley just wide before Lamela's stabbed effort was saved by Hart.
Kane also had a penalty claim waved away between those chances, with referee Graham Scott seeing nothing wrong with James Tarkowski's challenge on the Spurs striker.
A wayward Ashley Barnes header was Burnley's best opportunity of the half, and the forward went close shortly after the break when his volley was blocked by Toby Alderweireld and then Kane.
Burnley's tactics continued to frustrate Spurs, with Robbie Brady and Phil Bardsley both booked for time-wasting, and Mauricio Pochettino sought to bring on Eriksen and Heung-min Son to change his side's fortunes.
Hart then got down well to keep another Lamela attempt out with 15 minutes to go, but after Son fired wide from an acute angle, Eriksen finally broke Burnley's resolve with a sweeping effort at the near post.

Heung-Min Son's late goal finally broke down Newcastle's resistance as Tottenham earned a 1-0 win at Wembley in the Premier League on Saturday.
The South Korean, who has now scored two in two since returning from the Asia Cup, saw a low effort from the edge of the box creep under the body of Newcastle goalkeeper Martin Dubravka (83), who will feel he should have done better.
In an entertaining clash, Lucas Moura missed a fine opportunity in the first half, heading wide in space, Erik Lamela hit the woodwork with his own headed effort, while at the other end after half-time Salomon Rondon also nodded against the far post.
Heung-Min Son's late goal finally broke down Newcastle's resistance as Tottenham earned a 1-0 win at Wembley in the Premier League on Saturday.
The South Korean, who has now scored two in two since returning from the Asia Cup, saw a low effort from the edge of the box creep under the body of Newcastle goalkeeper Martin Dubravka (83), who will feel he should have done better.
In an entertaining clash, Lucas Moura missed a fine opportunity in the first half, heading wide in space, Erik Lamela hit the woodwork with his own headed effort, while at the other end after half-time Salomon Rondon also nodded against the far post.
Freezing conditions overnight brought concern in the early stages at Wembley, with large ice clumps falling onto the pitch from the famous arch at the national stadium, narrowly avoiding both Dubravka and Spurs' Kieran Trippier.
Wednesday's match-winner Fernando Llorente will have raised an eyebrow from the bench as Spurs went close with two first-half headers.
First, Moura headed wide in acres of space from eight yards from Lamela's deft cross, before the Argentine hit the upright with a more difficult headed chance moments later from Jan Vertonghen's bouncing cross. Despite Spurs dominating the ball, Newcastle did create a nuisance on several occasions. Lone striker Rondon hit the post with a header back across goal from Deandre Yedlin's cross after the restart, as the game opened up at Wembley.
Eriksen's flick towards goal from an angle was just cleared off the line by Schar, while Hugo Lloris was then called into action to acrobatically tip away Ayoze Perez's shot from the edge of the box.
Llorente was introduced on the hour, and ten minutes later headed over the bar in space from Eriksen's delightful ball, seemingly blaming the sun for his miscued effort.
Spurs love a late goal, having left it to the dying stages to beat Watford on Wednesday at Wembley, but this winner was avoidable from a Newcastle point of view.
Receiving a knockdown from Llorente on the edge of the box, Son found a yard of space and hit a hopeful low shot at Dubravka, only for the Slovakian to parry it into the net when he should have saved.

Liverpool maintained their perfect start to the season with a 2-1 victory over Tottenham at Wembley.
Georginio Wijnaldum's first Premier League away goal, awarded by goal-line technology, put Liverpool ahead on 36 minutes before Roberto Firmino sealed a fifth-consecutive victory with their second nine minutes after the interval.
Eric Lamela grabbed a goal back in stoppage-time but it proved too little, too late for Mauricio Pochettino's men as Spurs slipped to a second successive defeat.
There was so nearly a sensational start for Liverpool, who had the ball in the back of the net inside a minute when Sadio Mane diverted a cross from the right beyond Michel Vorm.
However Spurs, who looked to be carrying a hangover from their defeat at Watford, were left off the hook when the effort was ruled out, with the offside Firmino adjudged to have interfered in play.
Spurs' lethargic start continued as a misplaced Eric Dier pass was pounced upon by Mohamed Salah on 22 minutes. He streaked clear but was prevented from breaking the deadlock by a fine save by Vorm.
Christian Eriksen registered Tottenham's first attempt on target just before the half hour with a whipped 18-yard free-kick, but Alisson, a bystander That kicked Spurs into gear as they finished the stronger of the two sides, but Liverpool continued to pose the greater threat in front of goal, Mane drawing Vorm into action at full stretch after bundling his way into the area.
A minute later, though, Liverpool broke the deadlock through the most unlikely of sources as Wijnaldum's looping header crossed the line before Vorm hooked it away, handing the Dutchman his first goal away from home in the English top flight at the 112th attempt.
until that point, was up to the task.
Liverpool maintained their momentum in a pulsating start to the second half. Andy Robertson struck the bar with a cross-come shot and a dipping Naby Keita volley drew another decent stop from Vorm, before a flowing counter ended with Mane swivelling and testing the Spurs stopper.
Lucas Moura led the Spurs fightback but he could only strike the base of the post on 50 minutes - four minutes later, Liverpool had doubled their lead.
Mane's low cross deflected onto the post off Toby Alderweireld, the ball rolled across the goal line and through the clutches of Vorm, presenting Firmino with the simplest of tap-ins.
Liverpool should have finished the game off when Firmino released Mane through on goal on 63 minutes, but the Senegalese hesitated before playing Keita in on the overlap, allowing Vorm to save the midfielder's drive.
But in the end the third was not necessary, despite Lamela becoming only the second player to score against Liverpool with his late consolation from a narrow angle.


Wolves came from behind to earn a stunning 3-1 win over Tottenham at Wembley on Saturday, dealing a hammer blow to Spurs' title credentials.
After a slow start, Harry Kane celebrated being awarded an MBE this week with a sensational strike to break the deadlock 22 minutes in - his 13th goal of the season, taking him level with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang at the top of the Premier League Golden Boot race.
Spurs sat back after their opener, happy to soak up Wolves pressure, but they were caught cold by Willy Boly, who headed an equaliser with Wolves' first effort on target in the 78th minute to leave Wembley stunned.
Wolves were not done there either, as late goals from Raul Jimenez (83) and Helder Costa (87) earned them a surprise victory, leaving Spurs trailing leaders Liverpool by nine points. Wolves climb from 11th to seventh after a first win in three games.
Spurs appeared to have overindulged across the festive period as they struggled to find any rhythm early on, but their shooting from distance was on point, with Rui Patricio brilliantly saving from Christian Eriksen before Kane went one better moments later.
The England striker carried the ball down the right flank, cut inside onto his left before arrowing an effort into the net from 25 yards, leaving Patricio with no chance.
Son Hueng-Min then went close with another excellent from range as Spurs remained in command until the interval.
After the break, Wolves stepped up the tempo but struggled to create any real chances of note, with Spurs happy to sit back and take their foot off the gas.
That tactic proved foolish, as Boly climbed highest to head Joao Moutinho's corner into the net to equalise.
It got worse for Spurs late on as Jimenez picked up a pass from Ivan Cavaleiro, who span on the spot, before guiding a fine finish past Hugo Lloris to turn the match on its head.
Costa's 87th-minute finish, having latched on to an intricate throughball from Matt Doherty, completed the win for Wolves, as doubts over Spurs' longevity in this Premier League title race reared their head once again.
Spurs ruthlessly ended Maurizio Sarri's 18-game unbeaten start as Chelsea manager with an impressive 3-1 win at Wembley.
An early header from Dele Alli (8) and a 25-yarder from Harry Kane (16) set them on their way, although Chelsea were denied a penalty prior to the hosts' second goal when Eden Hazard was pushed over by Juan Foyth inside the area.
Chelsea briefly threatened a second-half recovery, but it never materialised. A stunning solo goal from Heung-min Son (54), embarrassing David Luiz in the process, put the London derby beyond Sarri's men despite Olivier Giroud's late header (85).
Spurs' win takes them above Chelsea into third, and five points off Premier League leaders Manchester City.
Sarri had mentioned before the match his concern about Chelsea's poor performances in the opening 15 minutes of games, and the Blues' start would have done little to allay his fears.
Tottenham flew out of the blocks and scored with eight minutes gone when Alli met Christian Eriksen's free-kick at the near post with a glancing header which Kepa's palmed save should have kept out.
Son should have made it two almost immediately when his one-two with Eriksen was played back into his path with a beautiful lofted through-ball from the midfielder, but he blasted over when clean through.
Chelsea had some strong claims for a penalty moments later when Hazard was shoved by Foyth inside Spurs' penalty area, but Martin Atkinson waved play on.
Their frustration would not be helped by Spurs' second, forged when Kane spotted a gap inside Kepa's near post from 25 yards. The goalkeeper, perhaps unsighted by Luiz's decision to move out of the way of the shot, did not even move as it flew past him.
Then nine minutes into the second half, Son picked up a lovely Alli pass down the outside on the halfway line before outpacing Jorginho on the right flank. He bamboozled Luiz with a simple turn inside and fired at Kepa's far post to complete a sensational solo goal.
Alli and Kane then passed up opportunities to humiliate Chelsea further by missing presentable opportunities before Giroud grabbed himself a first league goal of the season - but little fanfare to go with it - by heading in Cesar Azpilicueta's cross late on.
Chelsea will harbour more concern for the condition of star man Hazard, who ended a largely quiet game by coming off the worse from a tackle late on and spent the final minutes limping around Wembley.
Goals from Davinson Sanchez, Christian Eriksen and Heung-Min Son saw Tottenham stay in the title race with a 3-1 win over Leicester at Wembley on Super Sunday.
Sanchez's first Premier League goal - an instinctive diving header - put the hosts ahead in the 33rd minute to hand Spurs the initiative.
Jamie Vardy came off the bench in the second half and saw his penalty saved by Hugo Lloris with his first touch (60), shortly before Eriksen put the hosts 2-0 up from outside the box in the 63rd minute.
Vardy did pull a goal back for Claude Puel's side in the 76th minute as he met Ricardo Pereira's goalmouth cross, but Son sealed the victory in injury time (90+1) after capitalising on a Wilfred Ndidi slip to keep Mauricio Pochettino's side within reach of the Premier League's top two. The result means Tottenham go nine points clear of fourth-placed Manchester United on 60 points. Leicester, meanwhile, remain in 12th on 32 points.
Harry Maguire fired the first warning shot in the eighth minute when he escaped his marker, Fernando Llorente, to get his header on goal which forced Lloris to tip over the bar. Just a minute later, Harvey Barnes dragged an effort wide of the French goalkeeper's left post.
In the 16th minute, Son was booked in controversial circumstances after going down in the box under a Maguire challenge and Leicester continued to grow in confidence as Rachid Ghezzal went close with a curled left-footed strike in the 28th minute. Barnes was afforded another opportunity just after the half-hour mark, but the 21-year-old could not produce a clean shot on target.
Barnes was made to rue his chance as Sanchez opened the scoring in the 33rd minute. Kieran Trippier's corner, played short to Eriksen, was swung towards the Colombia international, who dived in to open his 
Tottenham account in the Premier League.
Five minutes into the second half and Demarai Gray squandered a good opportunity to level for the visitors as he met Pereira's cross with a tame free header, from inside the box, which was comfortably caught by Lloris.
There was high drama on the hour mark when Vardy came off the bench and took Leicester's penalty seconds after Jan Vertonghen tripped James Maddison up in the box. He elected to strike it to Lloris' right, but the France World Cup winner read the spot-kick and parried it away.
Tottenham responded quickly through Eriksen, who fired a dipping strike which got the better of Kasper Schmeichel from the edge of the box, but Vardy did bring Leicester back into the game with a simple tap-in 13 minutes later.
In injury time, with Leicester pushing players forward, Son sealed the win for Tottenham with an incisive finish from a quick counter-attack for his 11th goal in his last 13 appearances.
Tottenham moved up to third in the Premier League with a 3-1 win over Southampton at Wembley as new Saints boss Ralph Hasenhuttl watched on from the stands.
After suffering a derby defeat to Arsenal on Sunday, Spurs were in ruthless mood as Harry Kane (9), Lucas Moura (51) and Son Heung-min (55) took advantage of some poor defending by Saints, who had first-team coach Kelvin Davies in charge following the sacking of Mark Hughes.
Hasenhuttl takes over a side second bottom of the Premier League with just one win to their name all season, although they did hit the woodwork three times at Wembley, forced Hugo Lloris into some smart second-half saves and grabbed a late goal from Charlie Austin (90+2).
Hasenhuttl begins his tenure with a trip to fellow strugglers Cardiff on Saturday.
This victory moves Mauricio Pochettino's men up to third, above their north London rivals, while Southampton are 18th and inside the relegation zone.
Tottenham looked keen in the opening stages to give the home fans something to cheer after defeat to their neighbours on Sunday. Son struck a post inside four minutes but Kane didn't miss five minutes later.
Christian Eriksen conjured up the goal with a very clever low cross following a short corner and Kane was on the same wavelength, nipping in at the near post.
Southampton were restricted to long-range efforts but one nearly resulted in the equaliser as Lloris had to make a world-class fingertip save to push Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg's rasping 30-yard drive onto the post.
There was a renewed urgency from Spurs after the break and it brought about two more goals. Moura powered home the second after latching onto a loose ball from a half-cleared corner before Son was on hand at the back post to force home after some industrious work by Kane down the right flank.
With the game over, Spurs took their foot of the gas and Southampton gave them some worrying moments. Lloris could only watch as Nathan Redmond crashed an effort off the bar and then the goalkeeper produced saves to deny Hojbjerg, James Ward-Prowse and Austin, who also headed an effort off the bar.
Eventually, they did break through when Austin charged in on goal and finished into the top corner in stoppage time.
Tottenham made it 11 goals in three days and moved above Manchester City after hammering Bournemouth 5-0 on Boxing Day.
Fresh from their 6-2 win over Everton, Spurs maintained their hot streak with goals from Christian Eriksen (16), Lucas Moura (35), Harry Kane (61) and a double from Heung-Min Son (23,70), which means the South Korean has now scored 10 goals in his last 10 games in all competitions.
The victory moves Mauricio Pochettino's men up to second in the Premier League after City lost 2-1 at Leicester. Spurs are six points off leaders Liverpool.
Bournemouth's performance was littered with defensive mistakes and their skipper Simon Francis was stretchered off with a serious-looking injury.
Both teams struggled to find an early rhythm but Eriksen changed that with one swing of his boot on 16 minutes. This strike was not as spectacular as his cute volley against Everton but it still found the net from 20 yards, via a wicked deflection off Jefferson Lerma.
Bournemouth then went to pieces. Charlie Daniels made a hash of a routine long ball and Kyle Walker-Peters nipped in to set up Son from the edge of the box. The South Korean looked full of confidence as he carefully curled one into the bottom corner.
Walker-Peters was revelling in a rare start and set up Tottenham's third. Harry Winks picked him out with a great ball over Daniels and his subsequent pass was finished off from close range by Moura.
Bournemouth threatened to make a game of it but a penalty appeal on Callum Wilson was turned down and Junior Stanislas had a goal rightly chalked off for offside.
Any hopes of a sensational turnaround were dashed by Kane on 61 minutes.
Eriksen played the quarterback role and chipped a wonderful pass over the top for Kane to chase and slide home from an acute angle.
The scoring was not completed there as Son was on hand from three yards to bundle home after an almighty scramble inside the Bournemouth box.
A cheer rang around Wembley as the Manchester City score was shown on the big screen. The Spurs go marching on.
Jordan Henderson will miss next week's Merseyside derby after being sent off as Liverpool beat Watford 3-0 in the Premier League on Saturday.
Henderson returned from injury as one of two changes made by Jurgen Klopp, but was given his marching orders in the 82nd minute after picking up a second yellow card, meaning he will be suspended for the game against Everton next Sunday, live on Sky Sports.
But the Reds remain unbeaten in the league and kept a clean sheet, with Mohamed Salah (67) opening the scoring before Trent Alexander-Arnold (76) added the second with a wonderful free-kick.
Roberto Firmino (89) scored late on after a devastating Liverpool counter-attack, and it sees them keep pace at the top with Manchester City, who beat West Ham on Saturday, while Watford slip down to ninth place.
Watford had the ball in the net inside three minutes but the goal was ruled out for offside. A long ball was touched on by Troy Deeney, allowing Gerard Deulofeu to race through but, as he slotted past Alisson, the offside flag was correctly raised.
The game was meandering towards the break until a flurry of late efforts. It began in the 39th minute as Salah latched onto a loose ball and slotted it into the path of Firmino, but his shot - the first on target in the game - was saved by Ben Foster.
Alisson was then called into action as Deulofeu played the ball across for Roberto Pereyra, but his curling effort was saved by the leaping Liverpool goalkeeper.
Xherdan Shaqiri was superb for the Reds in the first half, and another wonderful ball into the area picked out Sadio Mane who poked the ball towards goal, but Foster turned it behind for a corner. Shaqiri's subsequent effort found an unmarked Salah by the back post, but the Watford stopper did well to save the Egyptian's header.
Liverpool broke the deadlock in the 67th minute with another goal for Salah against Watford - his sixth in three games. Firmino slipped the ball to Mane down the left before he cut it back for Salah and the Egyptian then swept past Foster, who should have done better.
But Foster could do nothing about Liverpool's wonderful second from Alexander-Arnold. The 20-year-old lined up a free kick in the 76th minute as Firmino was pulled down by Adrian Mariappa 30 yards out, and curled a beautiful effort into the top corner.
Six minutes later, though, Liverpool were down to 10 men. Having been booked for a push on Isaac Success on the hour mark and a number of remonstrations with referee Jon Moss, Henderson was already on thin ice. But a foul on Etienne Capoue sealed his fate as he made his way down the tunnel before Moss could get the card out of his pocket.
Watford looked to take advantage of their extra man but it proved to be their undoing for the third goal as Liverpool hit them on the break. Andrew Robertson strode down the left flank before cutting the ball into the area for Mane, whose shot was saved by Foster, but the rebound was nodded home by Firmino.
Joshua King helped Bournemouth secure their biggest Premier League away win with a 4-0 victory over Watford at Vicarage Road on Saturday.
Wales international David Brooks opened the scoring before King converted a spot-kick - Christian Kabasele was sent off for conceding the penalty - and he added a third with a well-placed header from Callum Wilson's cross.
The Cherries scored a fourth early in the second half when Wilson flicked over Ben Foster from close range to seal a miserable afternoon for Javi Gracia's side.
The result moves Bournemouth up to fifth in the Premier League after back-to-back wins, while Watford drop to eighth after failing to register a victory in their last four games.
Watford had a flurry of early chances but it was Brooks who opened the scoring for the visitors in the 14th minute, against the run of play, for his second goal in two games.
King raced down the left, picking out Wilson, who forced a fantastic save out of Foster before the 21-year-old burst forward to put the ball into an empty net.
The Hornets wasted a golden chance to level the scoring soon after, with Jose Holebas picking out Craig Cathcart from a corner, but the unmarked defender blazed his free header well wide.
The key moment of the match came when Kabasele was shown a second yellow just after the half-hour mark - when he pulled down King inside the box - and the Norwegian sent Foster the wrong way from the resulting penalty, slotting into the bottom-right corner.
Bournemouth began to dominate with their one-man advantage, and after Brooks fed Wilson down the right, the striker found King inside the box, who headed past Foster for his second and the Cherries' third in the 45th minute.
Wilson confirmed Bournemouth's record top-flight away win just two minutes into the second half when he flicked over Foster from Ryan Fraser's cross on the left, and the Cherries cruised on to secure all three points by seeing out the game in comfortable fashion.
Watford heaped more misery on Everton manager Marco Silva on his return to Vicarage Road as Andre Gray's 65th-minute strike was enough to secure a 1-0 win for the Hornets.
After Troy Deeney had appeared to stoke the flames ahead of the encounter at a Watford fans' forum, Gray made the most of the only moment of real quality in the game when he converted Will Hughes' cut-back 20 minutes into the second period, scoring his fourth goal of the season.
Everton produced very little throughout the 90 minutes and defender Kurt Zouma was sent off after the end of the match when he picked up two yellow cards for confronting the referee.
It is now just 11 points from the last 14 league games for Silva's side, with Watford moving four points clear of their opponents in eighth place.
Watford came close to breaking the deadlock after 11 minutes when Daryl Janmaat's cross was chested into the path of Etienne Capoue by Deeney, but the Frenchman's shot hit the head of Jordan Pickford from point-blank range before flying over the crossbar.
Zouma and Michael Keane had headers on target for Everton in reply but neither tested Ben Foster, although the former England goalkeeper had to be alert to palm away Cenk Tosun's fierce shot on the turn with 10 minutes of the half remaining.
Lucas Digne blocked Gerard Deulofeu's shot from Hughes' cutback in an opening 45 minutes low on chances and quality.
Both sides came close to breaking the deadlock shortly after the restart as Gylfi Sigurdsson's instinctive lob from inside the Watford penalty area thudded against the bar before Jose Holebas fizzed a shot just wide of Pickford's left-hand post.
With both teams looking for that moment of class, it was finally provided by the most unlikely of sources as Craig Cathcart produced a wonderful reverse pass into the path of Hughes, whose cross was met by the unmarked substitute Gray to score.
Everton had their chances to level as Digne's free-kick clipped the top of the bar, while Dominic Calvert-Lewin could only head wide from the Frenchman's cross.
As the jeers rained down on Silva from the terraces at the final whistle, Zouma overstepped the mark in his protests towards referee Lee Probert, and the Frenchman was duly shown two yellow cards followed by a red, to cap another miserable afternoon for the Merseysiders.



Eden Hazard scored both goals for Chelsea as they beat Watford 2-1 at Vicarage Road to move back into fourth place in the Premier League.
Hazard netted his 100th goal for Chelsea in all competitions when he opened the scoring in the first minute of added time in the first half although, just over two minutes later, Roberto Pereyra equalised for Watford (45+3).
The Belgian scored his second goal of the evening in the 58th minute after he won a penalty, with Watford goalkeeper Ben Foster bundling him over in the area. He then sent Foster the wrong way from the spot and ultimately sealed the win for Chelsea.
It puts the Blues back in the top four in the Premier League table on 40 points after Arsenal's draw at Brighton had briefly seen them drop down to fifth. Watford remain in ninth.
Chelsea had the first chance of the game in the 11th minute. Mateo Kovacic broke down the field before picking out Willian on the left flank. The Brazilian then cut inside - getting around the oncoming Foster - before trying to slot home on the angle but Christian Kabasele was there to see it behind. However, the Watford defender clattered into the upright with his armpit and was substituted not long after.
Watford went close just after the half an hour mark, but a woeful finish from Abdoulaye Doucoure after a gut-busting run from Pereyra saw the ball fly high over the crossbar. Chelsea then had a chance at the other end, but Hazard was not able to turn a fizzing Cesar Azpilicueta cross home, trying to use his heel to turn it home.
But the goals came thick and fast as four minutes of added time were shown. Hazard got his 100th Chelsea goal inside the first minute as Kovacic took advantage of a poor square pass from Etienne Capoue, picking out Hazard to the left. The Belgian then rounded the oncoming Foster before slotting home into an open net.
Just over two minutes later - 137 seconds to be exact - and Watford were level. It came from a corner after Kepa Arrizabalaga did well to keep out Doucoure at the near post. Jose Holebas delivered the set-piece, which found an unmarked Pereyra at the top of the area and he hit an arrowing volley through the packed box into the bottom corner.
Chelsea retook the lead 13 minutes after the restart after being awarded a penalty as Foster bundled into Hazard in the area. Hazard stepped up to take and sent the Watford goalkeeper the wrong way as he notched his second goal of the evening.
The visitors continued to go close as the game wore on, with Willian seeing an effort ping off the post in the 72nd minute after a lovely cross from Hazard before the Belgian was involved again not long after with a storming Chelsea break. He picked out Kante to his right, but with Watford defenders closing in, the midfielder could only send his shot past the far post.
A minute later Doucoure put a lovely cross into the area for Troy Deeney - who had got ahead of David Luiz - but he did not catch the ball well and lifted it over the crossbar from inside the six-yard box as the game ended in defeat for Watford.
Leaders Manchester City survived a late scare to see off Watford 2-1 at Vicarage Road on Tuesday night.
City were camped in Watford's half for most of the first half and took the lead on 40 minutes as Leroy Sane chested home Riyad Mahrez's dangerous cross.
Provider Mahrez then turned scorer in the second half, slotting past Foster with a controlled finish from Gabriel Jesus' cut-back (51), before Abdoulaye Doucoure made for a nervy ending with a messy late goal (85).
But City held on, and the result means they remain unbeaten this season and five points above Liverpool, who play at Burnley on Wednesday night. Watford are down to 11th.
Predictably, City dominated the ball from the off, and were nearly ahead on 11 minutes as Roberto Pereyra's sloppy square pass allowed Sane through on goal, only for Ben Foster to race out and save superbly.
Foster came to Watford's rescue again as he closed down the gap on Mahrez six yards out after the Algerian was played through beautifully by Fernandinho, and Watford had a chance of their own at the other end as Troy Deeney was denied at point-blank range by Ederson's foot.
But City went ahead with five minutes of the half remaining as Mahrez, whose cross should have been turned home by David Silva 30 seconds previous, delivered a beauty for Sane to improvise and chest past the onrushing Foster from six yards.
City took just six minutes of the second half to get the two-goal cushion, as Sane and David Silva combined with Jesus on the left, before the Brazilian's cut-back into the box was tucked home 10 yards out by Mahrez, his sixth goal against Watford and fourth at Vicarage Road.
Mahrez's shot from just inside the box then hit Christian Kabasele's arm, but went unnoticed by referee Paul Tierney, while Jesus, in the side due to Sergio Aguero's absence, finished poorly inside the box from Mahrez's superb through ball.
Man-of-the-match Mahrez was denied by Foster's fine one-handed save late on, but a rare Watford attack then resulted in a goal as Doucoure bundled over the line after seeing his first effort blocked by Kyle Walker.
The 63th-minute introduction of Gerard Deulofeu had burst Watford into life, and they nearly grabbed a shock leveller as Deeney's header from a corner fell into the grateful arms of Ederson.
Manchester United inflicted a first defeat of the Premier League season on Watford as they won 2-1 at Vicarage Road.
The Hornets had won all four of their league games before the international break, but two goals in three first-half minutes from Romelu Lukaku (35) and Chris Smalling (38) ultimately sealed the win for United, who had Nemanja Matic sent off in injury time.
Andre Gray pulled a goal back for Watford in the 65th minute, but they could not find another as their winning run was brought to a halt.
United ended the game with 10 men as Matic was shown a second yellow card after a foul on Will Hughes in the third minute of injury time, but held on for their second win in a row after two league defeats, and move up to eighth.
Watford began well and tested David de Gea in the 16th minute after a poor attempted clearance from Marouane Fellaini saw Troy Deeney take aim with a fierce drive, but the United goalkeeper made a superb, leaping save to keep him out.
Ben Foster was excellent in the first half despite the scoreline, and made a wonderful save from Alexis Sanchez in the 32nd minute as a long ball from De Gea was put into the Chile forward's path by Lukaku. He then dribbled down to the right of the area before taking aim, but Foster was equal to it with a fingertip stop at the near post.
But he was not able to keep United out three minutes later. Young whipped a cross into the area after his initial free-kick was played back into his path, with Lukaku waiting at the goal mouth to bundle the ball home with his stomach. The Watford players were calling for handball but there was no case to answer for referee Mike Dean.
The goal spurred United into action as Paul Pogba twice tested Foster before Smalling scored their second in the 38th minute. Young's corner was headed toward the six-yard box by Fellaini before Smalling controlled with his chest and hit a volley on the turn to send the ball past the goalkeeper at point blank range.
The second half saw few chances but did have a goal as Gray pulled one back for Watford in the 65th minute. Abdoulaye Doucoure cut the ball back for the striker at the top of the area, who had plenty of space and time to sweep a fine strike into the back of the net and give the hosts hope of a result.
It  was a frantic finish at Vicarage Road too, with a thunderous Doucoure volley forcing a good save from De Gea on the stroke of 90 minutes, before United went down to 10 men. Matic tackled Hughes on the right flank, and received a second yellow card after an earlier challenge on Doucoure also saw him booked, seeing him sent off.
De Gea kept United ahead in the closing stages, pushing away Christian Kabasele's header from a free-kick before also seeing away a corner as the visitors held on for all three points.
Watford survived a late scare to seal a 2-1 victory over Crystal Palace and win three games at the start of a top-flight season for the first time.
Wilfried Zaha struck 12 minutes from time at Vicarage Road to raise hopes of a visiting fightback but the hosts held on as Roberto Pereyra's 53rd-minute strike and Jose Holebas's freak second (71) proved enough.
Palace had been denied by several fine Ben Foster saves in the first half and saw Joel Ward head agonisingly wide deep into stoppage-time on a frustrating afternoon where Roy Hodgson may again curse the officials.
Watford - third in the fledgling table - had started brightly on the slick surface, Pereyra whipping in a ball that just evaded Andre Gray at the far post, but the game quickly became fractious as the rain fell.
Zaha, memorably mocked by Watford's mascot back in December 2016, drew the ire of the home crowd for a tackle on Holebas but had been dangerously halted himself minutes earlier by Etienne Capoue's studs, the card dubiously yellow rather than red.
With the game's tempo brisk, Andros Townsend set up Christian Benteke for a header superbly clawed away by Foster and the Watford goalkeeper made another close-range stop to thwart James McArthur with only 16 minutes gone.
Palace had crafted the best chances but Watford slowly found a foothold, the impressive Pereyra twice going close and Daryl Janmaat, a consistent attacking threat, striking a Gray lay-off on the run just wide as the interval approached.
The hosts' momentum stretched into the second half and Pereyra finally made it count, cutting inside Townsend and finding the far corner after Capoue had found him following a muscular dart downfield.
Benteke had wasted one headed chance before Foster pushed the other clear but the Belgian went close with a far more ambitious effort, cushioning a ball with back to goal before curling just high and wide.
Palace's hopes instead seemed extinguished when Holebas tricked inside and delivered a deep cross that caught out Wayne Hennessey and dropped into the far corner.
Hodgson, who had been angered by decisions against Liverpool, threw on Max Meyer and it was his give-and-go that paid dividends, Zaha collecting the return ball before jinking at the byline and drilling low from an angle.
Substitute Alexander Sorloth failed to connect with a late Palace corner, before Ward fluffed his lines from another as Javi Gracia's side held on for victory and 'Harry the Hornet' thumped his drum in celebration.

Watford came from behind to maintain their 100 per cent start to the season as two quickfire headers gave them a 2-1 win over Tottenham at Vicarage Road on Super Sunday.
The first half was not one of the purists, but Spurs took the lead in the second through Abdoulaye Doucoure's own goal (54), and it would have been 1-1 in own goals had Toby Alderweireld's header not come off the bar at the other end shortly after.
But Watford did equalise through Troy Deeney's cute header from Jose Holebas' superb free-kick (69), and shocked Spurs with another header as Craig Cathcart converted Holebas' corner from the left (76).
The result ends Tottenham's own perfect start to the campaign, while Watford have won all four opening league games for only the second time in their history, and the first in the top flight.
Watford worked the first chance of the game early on, spreading the ball out wide right to Daryl Janmaat, whose cross was headed over by Deeney piling in.
But both sides were sloppy for the remainder of the half, getting into good positions and miscuing the final pass.
Although a goal did come nine minutes after the restart, it summed the game up to that point. After a mix-up between Watford goalkeeper Ben Foster and defender Christian Kabasele, Lucas Moura's cut-back was bizarrely diverted into the bottom corner by Doucoure's midriff.
There was almost an own goal at the other end after Deeney got the better of Davinson Sanchez at the right byline, but his cross was headed onto the crossbar by Alderweireld.
Watford had woken up, and got their leveller moments later through Deeney, who got up well before glancing a header into the bottom left corner from Holebas' dangerous right-wing set-piece.
The equaliser gave the hosts energy, and they duly took the lead seven minutes later through defender Cathcart, rising highest among a swamp of players to turn a header past Michel Vorm.
Sub Fernando Llorente should have done better as the ball dropped to his feet at close range late on, before Harry Kane nodded inches over from Kieran Trippier's ball having climbed well as Spurs failed to grab a point.
Huddersfield's wait for their first Premier League win of the season continues after a 3-0 defeat to Watford at Vicarage Road.
Roberto Pereyra gave Watford the lead with a superb solo goal in the 10th minute and Gerard Deulofeu made it 2-0 with a fine individual effort of his own nine minutes later.
Huddersfield had a few good opportunities to respond in the first half, with Philip Billing hitting the woodwork from distance. But Isaac Success sealed Watford's victory when he tapped in with 10 minutes left to register the Hornets' sixth Premier League win of the campaign as Huddersfield's second-season struggles go on.
The result means Watford stay in seventh on 19 points. Huddersfield, meanwhile, drop down to 20th and bottom.
Watford got off to a flying start when Pereyra delivered a fine goal to hand the hosts the initiative. The Argentina international drifted in from the left flank and nonchalantly weaved his way around four Huddersfield players before slotting the ball past Jonas Lossl.
The hosts' attack proved too much for the Huddersfield back three once again nine minutes later. Deulofeu beat Chris Lowe and Jonathan Hogg in one-against-one situations and then smashed his shot into the net from a tight angle to open his account for the season.
Huddersfield responded positively through long-range strikes from Lowe, and Billing eight minutes before half-time, but both spectacular efforts were met with fine fingertip stops from Ben Foster in the home goal.
Watford could have wrapped the game up five minutes into the second half when Deulofeu broke into a one-on-one situation, but the former Barcelona forward was unable to direct his shot on goal after jinking past the onrushing Lossl.
Javi Gracia's men continued to apply the pressure on Huddersfield as Pereyra back-heeled the ball into the path of Will Hughes, but he was unable to dig his shot out which allowed Lossl to make the stop.
With Huddersfield tiring, Watford did eventually finish off their impressive display with a third goal 10 minutes from time when Success tapped home after he latched onto a fine Kiko Femenia pass, a strike which condemned Huddersfield to their eighth loss this season.
Watford ended a run of six games without a Premier League win with a 3-2 victory against Cardiff in an entertaining contest at Vicarage Road.
In torrential conditions, the hosts raced into a deserved 3-0 lead courtesy of brilliant goals from Gerard Deulofeu (16), Jose Holebas (52) and Domingos Quina (68).
Cardiff pulled a goal back with 10 minutes remaining through another stunning strike from Junior Hoilett and, two minutes later, Bobby Reid poked in a second to set up a nervy finish.
But Javi Gracia's side held on to move up to 10th in the Premier League as Cardiff slip to 16th - still four points above the relegation zone.
Deulofeu was the game's stand-out performer, and the former Everton and Barcelona winger might have broken the deadlock before he eventually did, with his curled shot after six minutes just bending wide of the post.
Cardiff were bidding to win consecutive top-flight games for the first time since 1962, but they fell behind when Deulofeu picked up Abdoulaye Doucoure's pass, ran between Bruno Ecuele Manga and Sean Morrison before tucking his low shot to the left of Neil Etheridge.
Cardiff offered very little as an attacking threat in the opening 45 minutes, and they were fortunate not to trail by more at the interval, with Roberto Pereyra's free-kick in stoppage time tipped around the post by the busy Etheridge.
Watford still have not lost three top-flight home games in a row since April 1988, and the hosts deservedly doubled their lead seven minutes after the re-start as Deulofeu turned provider for Holebas to curl in his third goal of the season from the edge of the area.
Watford by now were playing full of confidence, and Quina underlined their dominance by stretching the lead 16 minutes later as he received Ken Sema's pass before bending his shot high to the right of Etheridge, much to the delight of the home supporters.
There appeared little sign of life in Cardiff, but Hoilett restored hope in the 80th minute when he cut inside Doucoure and bent an unstoppable shot beyond Foster - a finish that was reminiscent of his goal against Wolves a fortnight ago.
Two minutes later, the visitors halved the arrears as Reid pounced on a loose ball to stab his shot beyond Foster, but a point would have severely flattered Cardiff and Watford weathered the storm to return to winning ways.
Chelseas 100 per cent record in the Premier League was ended by West Ham United in a 0-0 draw on Super Sunday.
After winning their first five games under Maurizio Sarri, Chelsea's quality in the final third was severely lacking as Eden Hazard was suffocated by the Hammers' midfield.
West Ham created clear chances but missed the ruthlessness of Marko Arnautovic, who was absent with a knee injury.
The standout opportunity fell to Andriy Yarmolenko late on but he headed wide from six yards out.
Questions were being asked about West Ham under Manuel Pellegrini after four straight defeats, but four points in the last week and a first clean sheet has them moving in the right direction.
David Luiz headed a great opportunity over the bar just after the break as Chelsea continued to look pretty with the ball but lacked ideas in the final third, with the axis of Hazard, Olivier Giroud and Willian struggling to find much rhythm.
Alvaro Morata replaced Giroud on 64 minutes and should have scored within two minutes of coming on. Luiz took advantage of some sloppy defending from Yarmolenko at the back post but Morata's close range finish smacked Lukasz Fabianski's face and flew to safety.
Hazard should have been greedier when bursting into the box with 15 minutes left, deciding to look for Morata rather than shoot before Yarmolenko wasted a glorious opening. Robert Snodgrass curled over a wonderful cross that put the chance on a plate for the Ukrainian, but he somehow headed wide from six yards out. Ross Barkley tested Fabianski from range in stoppage time and Willian fired wide from a tight angle but a Chelsea winner never really looked likely as they failed to score in the Premier League for the first time under Sarri.

Erik Lamela scored the only goal as Tottenham beat West Ham 1-0 at the London Stadium to extend their winning run in the Premier League to four matches.
With just a minute to go until half-time, Lamela netted what proved to be the winner with a glancing header into the far corner after being picked out by a cross from Moussa Sissoko.
West Ham did have the ball in the net with five minutes to go through Javier Hernandez, but it was correctly ruled out after Marko Arnautovic had drifted into an offside position.
Mauricio Pochettino did not look particularly happy at full-time after witnessing another scrappy performance from his side, but the win lifts them into the top four and just two points behind league leaders Manchester City.
A defeat to Brighton before the international break punctuated West Ham's good run of form but a draw and win against Chelsea and Manchester United respectively in their previous two games at the London Stadium, meant that they entered this match in confident mood, with Arnautovic firing a shot straight at Lloris inside the opening five minutes.
It took a while for the game to come to life but a clash between the Brazilian Lucas Moura and the Argentinian Pablo Zabaleta on 15 minutes which left the latter with a gash above his right eye did result in the tempo being belatedly picked up. Zabaleta wasn't the only West Ham player to suffer discomfort in the first half, as AndrIy Yarmolenko departed on a stretcher just before half-time after suffering a nasty looking ankle injury.
On the stroke of half-time, Spurs took the lead through the lively Lamela. Sissoko did well to deceive Felipe Anderson on the right wing before sending a cross in with his left foot that required just a faint touch from Lamela to beat Lukasz Fabianksi. A minute later, Spurs almost doubled their lead when Lamela's cross-shot was spilled by Fabianski into the path of Davinson Sanchez, but the Colombian's effort was blocked by the West Ham 'keeper.
The hosts started the second half in the ascendancy and Arnautovic thought he had equalised when he headed an Aaron Cresswell cross towards the top corner three minutes after the restart. However, Lloris darted across his goal-line to tip the ball over with an acrobatic save that left Arnautovic stunned.The battle between Arnautovic and Lloris continued and on the hour mark the Frenchman won out again, this time diverting a low shot from the Austrian wide of the post. Moments later, Arnautovic let his frustration get the better of him, clashing with Sanchez down by the touchline before receiving a yellow card for a rash sliding challenge on Kieran Trippier.
Substitute Adama Traore's injury-time strike inflicted a fourth straight Premier League defeat on West Ham as Wolves secured a 1-0 victory at the London Stadium.
In what was a tight affair, the hosts were heading for their first point of the season but Traore capitalised on Carlos Sanchez's error in the third minute of injury time to hand Nuno Espirito Santo's side their first top-flight win since beating QPR in February 2012.
A first league win of the campaign sees Wolves move up to ninth in the table, while West Ham, who have only once before lost their opening four league matches of a season, stay rooted at the foot of the league and without a point heading into the international break.
Both goalkeepers were called into action early as Rui Patricio got down low to his right to keep out Felipe Anderson's effort, while Lukasz Fabianski had to be alert to tip Matt Doherty's powerful strike over the bar.
Despite the early saves, chances proved hard to come by at the London Stadium. Robert Snodgrass' shot hit the side netting in the 31st minute but it was one of only a few bright spots for the hosts in the first half.
Wolves looked confident in possession but they too struggled to create any clearcut openings as Raul Jimenez and Joao Moutinho sent efforts wide of the target.
Pellegrini changed things around at the break, replacing Snodgrass with summer signing Andriy Yarmolenko and West Ham almost found a way through. A clever flick from Jack Wilshere found Marko Arnautovic but the Austria international could only prod the ball wide.
Moments later, Patricio was at full stretch, diving away to his right to claw Michail Antonio's looping header off the line.
Wolves then went close to taking the lead in the 74th minute but this time it was Fabianski who kept the scores level, racing off his line to block substitute Leo Bonatini's shot.
They went even closer five minutes later. Ruben Neves' cross-field pass picked out Doherty, who picked out Jimenez in acres of space in the West Ham penalty area. However, the striker, under no pressure whatsoever, missed his kick in front of goal.
Arnautovic almost snatched all three points at the death as he turned inside Conor Coady but luckily for Wolves, the Austrian's shot was kept out by the face of Patricio.
There was still time for one final chance and it fell to Wolves. Sanchez lost the ball deep in his own half before Bonatini teed up Traore, who secured all three points for his side.
Watford moved up to seventh in the Premier League as goals from Troy Deeney and Gerard Deulofeu secured a 2-0 win at West Ham.
Deeney gave the visitors the lead in the 30th minute, stepping up to score his third goal of the season from the spot after Fabian Balbuena had brought down Roberto Pereyra.
West Ham, who drop down to 12th, almost grabbed an equaliser early in the second half when Michail Antonio's header rebounded off the post and the forward had another golden opportunity in the 85th minute, heading against the crossbar from close range after Ben Foster had denied Robert Snodgrass.
The miss came back to haunt the Hammers as minutes later Deulofeu (87) struck to secure all three points for the visitors.
The Hammers, who were looking to win five Premier League games in a row for the first time since February 2006, started brightly with Declan Rice and Michail Antonio forcing Ben Foster into early saves.
However, it was Watford who took the lead in the 30th minute, Deeney beating Fabianski from the spot after Balbuena had brought down Pereyra when the midfielder was through on goal.
The hosts went close to an equaliser before the break as Antonio headed Felipe Anderson's deep cross down towards Javier Hernandez. The Mexico international volleyed the ball towards the bottom corner but Foster dived to his left to push the ball to safety.
Moments after the break Antonio went even closer, glancing Robert Snodgrass's corner against the far post. Foster then denied Arthur Masuaku from distance before Hernandez totally missed his kick six yards out after being played in by Felipe Anderson.
Abdoulaye Doucoure thought he had doubled Watford's lead after latching onto Pereyra's low cross, but Fabianski did brilliantly to tip the ball over the crossbar before also denied Deeney a second.
Manuel Pellegrini sent on Andy Carroll in a bid to grab a late equaliser but with West Ham piling forward, they left gaps at the back and Deulofeu punished then with a low finish across Fabianski to seal victory.
Manchester City cruised to a 4-0 win against West Ham to stay top of the Premier League and keep their unbeaten start intact.
Pep Guardiola's team put in a ruthless display at the London Stadium and victory was as good as confirmed in the first half thanks to strikes from David Silva (11), Raheem Sterling (19) and Leroy Sane (34).
Sane (90+3) rounded off an emphatic victory deep into stoppage time as City, who made it eight wins out of eight in all competitions, stayed two points clear of Liverpool, who beat Watford 3-0 at Vicarage Road, at the top of the Premier League.
For Manuel Pellegrini, his first meeting against his former side did not go to plan as West Ham stay 13th, four points ahead of the relegation zone.
Silva sent City on their way with his fourth goal in as many games as Sterling's cross deflected off Arthur Masuaku and into the path of the Spaniard, who had a simple finish to beat Lukasz Fabianski from close range.
West Ham did threaten in attack but they lacked a cutting edge in front of goal as Marko Arnautovic and Michail Antonio wasted two good opportunities.
They were made to pay when Sane burst past Pablo Zabaleta before driving the ball across goal for Sterling to tap in from close range.
Sane himself added the third after being picked out by Sterling's cross. The German showed great composure in front of goal, feinting to shoot to take Fabian Balbuena out of the game before beating Fabianski from close range.
Sterling went close to adding his second of the afternoon shortly after the break but Fabianski produced a fine block to deny the England international.
At the other end, West Ham's poor finishing continued as Antonio, who was sent clean through by substitute Javier Hernandez, saw his shot clip the outside of the post.
There were worrying signs for West Ham as Arnautovic limped off in injury time, leaving West Ham a man short for the final few minutes.
And there was still time for City, who have now scored 17 goals in only four visits to Stratford, to add a fourth, Sane striking from close range to round off another comprehensive win in east London.
Declan Rice scored the only goal as West Ham beat Arsenal, while Marko Arnautovic appeared to bid farewell to the London Stadium.
Rice picked a good time to grab his first West Ham goal, powering the ball beyond Bernd Leno from 12 yards three minutes after half-time in a game of few clear-cut chances.
The main talking point came when Arnautovic seemed to wave goodbye to the home fans when he was substituted with 71 minutes played, days after West Ham rejected a ?35m bid for the Austrian from an unnamed Chinese club.
Arsenal managed just two shots on target across the whole 90 minutes as their wretched away form continued, leaving them with one win on their travels in their last seven Premier League games.
Unai Emery's side had shown the greater intent before half-time but lacked the invention to regularly find a way through the home defence, with Alexandre Lacazette and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang onlookers for long spells of the first half.
Both sides exchanged cursory efforts early on but Arsenal did carve out the first real opportunity when Lacazette held off Pablo Zabaleta and powered into the box. Lukasz Fabianski saved his first effort from 12 yards, and he skied the rebound over.
But with the restored Arnautovic looking untroubled by the speculation around him at the tip of West Ham's attack, the hosts always had a focal point they could play off and he held the ball up for Samir Nasri, only for the Frenchman to strike the side netting from a tight angle.
Felipe Anderson also came close when Nasri waited for his run and laid the ball into his path 25 yards out, before Matteo Guendouzi rounded off an even, but uninspiring first half by going close from a similar distance.
The second half sprang into life within five minutes of the restart with Nasri, who had been busy before half-time, teeing up Rice after a poor Granit Xhaka header to blast the ball beyond a rooted Leno from 12 yards.
Aubameyang was put off his stride by Aaron Cresswell's sliding challenge in the box and Alex Iwobi just missed the far post when played in on the left as Arsenal pressed, but they still did not work Fabianski enough.
The arrival of Aaron Ramsey and Lucas Torreira and even the pace of Hector Bellerin off the bench failed to ignite the Gunners' usual second-half charge, which has seen them pick up eight points in the last 10 minutes of games alone, as the hosts saw out a first victory over Arsenal on home soil since 2006.
Liverpool left the door open for Manchester City to go top of the Premier League after a lacklustre performance in their 1-1 draw at West Ham.
Sadio Mane gave Jurgen Klopp's side the lead in controversial fashion at the London Stadium as James Milner was in an offside position before he crossed for the forward to score (22).
But Liverpool's lead lasted just six minutes as Michail Antonio received Felipe Anderson's disguised free-kick to flash in the equaliser (28).
The result stretches Liverpool's lead at the top to three points, but City would move top on goal difference if they beat Everton at Goodison Park on Wednesday.
Javier Hernandez fired the first warning sign three minutes in, as he received Noble's pass before shooting wide of Alisson's left-hand post. Aaron Cresswell was next to go close with a rasping left-foot drive that narrowly missed the target, but Liverpool then broke the deadlock against the run of play.
Adam Lallana showed great skill to escape Cresswell, but Milner received his pass a yard offside before his cross evaded Issa Diop to allow Mane to fire beyond Lukasz Fabianski.
West Ham's response was immediate. A foul from Fabinho allowed Anderson to find Antonio in the box and the 28-year-old forward flashed in the fourth goal of his career against Liverpool.
Three minutes before the interval, Liverpool's defence was again vulnerable from a West Ham free-kick as Anderson found Rice unmarked, but the youngster's header was off target.
Mane went close again before the interval with his header saved by Fabianski, but there were few notable openings in a cagey second period.
Noble lashed over from Robert Snodgrass' cross with 17 minutes remaining as Liverpool struggled to break down West Ham's dogged defence, but it looked like the visitors would snatch victory when Keita found substitute Origi in the third minute of stoppage time.
The Belgian had been the hero with his injury-time winner in the Merseyside derby earlier in the season but could only scuff his shot at Fabianski this time as two points slipped out of Liverpool's grasp.
Marko Arnautovic scored twice in two minutes to lead a West Ham comeback from 2-0 down to salvage a 2-2 draw with Brighton.
In a crazy spell of four goals in 11 second-half minutes, Dale Stephens put the visitors in front (57) before Shane Duffy acrobatically hooked home to double the lead (59).
West Ham responded by sending on Mark Noble and Michail Antonio and they both played a part as Arnautovic netted a quick-fire double (66 & 68) to draw the hosts level. His second goal - from a Antonio cross - was controversial as the ball was borderline off the pitch when the winger found his striker.
The Hammers won more points in December (15) than they previously had all season (12), but they looked short on confidence from the get go.
Andy Carroll struggled to link with Felipe Anderson and Arnautovic and Brighton were well drilled in midfield. Space was hard to come by but Anderson should have done better on 24 minutes when firing straight at David Button from 12 yards.
Carroll was replaced at half-time by Lucas Perez but it was Brighton that took charge.
A corner was only half-punched clear by Lukas Fabianski and it dropped to Stephens, who controlled a very clever finish into the net.
Brighton seized their opportunity and doubled their lead two minutes later. Another corner wasn't dealt with properly by the Hammers and Duffy stole in at the far post. There was still a lot for him to do from a tight angle but he hooked a sublime finish into the net.
With the home fans starting to turn on their team, Arnautovic hauled the Hammers back into the match. Substitute Noble clipped a ball over the top and the Austrian raced through, held off Duffy, and fired home from close range.
He was at it again minutes later, this time finishing off after some brilliant wing play by Antonio, who was at full-stretch on the by-line to narrowly keep the ball in play in the opinion of the match officials.
Both teams looked for a winner in the closing stages but the lively Antonio fired over before Brighton nearly scored from a third corner but Duffy headed wide.
Lucas Perez scored twice to help West Ham blow away Cardiff 3-1 as Joe Ralls penalty miss proved costly on Tuesday.
Perez came in from the wilderness to score twice (49 & 54) after replacing Marko Arnautovic, who limped off with a hamstring problem. Michail Antonio added a third (61) before Josh Murphy (90+5) registered a late consolation for Cardiff.
It was former Arsenal striker Perez's first Premier League goals since January 2017 as West Ham made it back-to-back wins after turning over Newcastle on Saturday.
It could have been very different if Ralls had not spurned his chance from the spot just before the break at 0-0 but West Ham goalkeeper Lukas Fabianski guessed right.
Both teams started with a confident swagger after their respective wins at the weekend but it was West Ham who created the early opening.
Angelo Ogbonna had a close-range header turned over the bar by Neil Etheridge while Arnautovic had an effort cleared off the line after rampaging through the Cardiff backline.
The frustration of missing that chance may have affected Arnautovic's decision-making on 35 minutes when he barged over Junior Hoilett in the box. The West Ham striker was a relieved man when Ralls' weak penalty was easily saved by Fabianski.
Arnautovic's eventful evening came to end just before the break when he limped off with a hamstring injury.
His departure seemed to knock the Hammers, who looked short on ideas until Perez struck just after half-time. Robert Snodgrass produced a deft touch behind the Cardiff defence and the striker powered a finish past Etheridge, who could have done better.
Confidence was now flowing for Perez after a frustrating period of his career since moving to the Premier League - he doubled up six minutes later. This time it was Arthur Masuaku who opened up Cardiff and his pass was finished by the striker - once again, Etheridge will have been disappointed with his effort.
Antonio completed the scoring blitz six minutes later when flicking home a Snodgrass corner after Cardiff went to sleep from the set-piece.
Apart from a scrappy late Murphy goal, Cardiff had little in response. After an impressive win at Wolves, it's back down to earth for Neil Warnock's men.
Fulham's relegation fears heightened after a 3-1 defeat at West Ham on Friday, but they will feel hard done by after Javier Hernandez's controversial equaliser proved decisive.
Ryan Babel was gifted the opportunity to break the deadlock with less than a minute on the clock, only to be denied by Lukasz Fabianski, but he made amends two minutes later, firing home from close range to score his first goal for Fulham since joining in January.
Then came a real moment of controversy, as Hernandez appeared to divert the ball in to equalise with his hand in the 19th minute, with the goal allowed to stand, much to Claudio Ranieri's frustration on the bench, before Issa Diop headed his first Premier League goal to turn the match on its head five minutes before half time.
Fulham mixed things up in the second half, but offered little as an attacking threat, with Michail Antonio heading home a third West Ham goal in stoppage time to make sure of their first win in six in all competitions, while Fulham's position looks even more perilous, eight points from safety, having shipped 60 league goals already and winless away from home in the Premier League this season.
Fulham flew out of the traps, with Babel latching onto an underhit back pass from Pablo Zabaleta. Fabianski, though, stood firm to deny Babel, but could do nothing as the same man got on the end of a Ryan Sessegnon cross before slamming the ball home.
West Ham struggled to get going, but were gifted a way back into the contest. Sergio Rico firstly failed to deal with a corner, Angelo Ogbonna flicked the ball back towards goal, Hernandez leaned into the ball, but the last touch seemed to come off his hand.
Fulham's defensive frailties came to the fore once again in the 40th minute, as Diop was allowed to climb highest to head home from Robert Snodgrass' corner, meaning Fulham have now conceded more than once 21 times this season, including all of the last seven in 2019.
Ranieri made two changes at the interval, introducing Lazar Markovic and Andre-Frank Zambo Anguissa, but neither could really have any real effect on the game, as West Ham stood firm
Another substitute, Marko Arnautovic, came within a whisker of adding his name to the scoresheet, but was denied an equaliser by a combination of Rico and post.
However, Antonio's bullet header in the 91st minute, on the end of an Arnautovic cross, did put the seal on the three points for West Ham and compounded another miserable night for Fulham.
West Ham piled more pressure on Jose Mourinho with a 3-1 victory over Manchester United at the London Stadium.
Paul Pogba returned after his midweek spat with Mourinho, but it took just five minutes for things to unravel as record signing Felipe Anderson scored his first West Ham goal with a deft near-post flick.
A miserable first half for the visitors was compounded two minutes before the break when Andriy Yarmolenko's shot took a wicked deflection off Victor Lindelof to double the Hammers' lead.
Marcus Rashford halved the deficit just after the underwhelming Pogba had been substituted on 70 minutes, but Marko Arnautovic extinguished any hopes of a comeback with his fourth goal of the season four minutes later.
West Ham's first home league victory since the final day of last season lifts them to 12th in the table. Manchester United drop to eighth - eight points off leaders Liverpool having played a game more - after equalling their worst start to a Premier League season.
All the talk ahead of kick-off concerned Pogba and Mourinho after a turbulent week off the pitch, but an industrious West Ham display laid Manchester United's on-field troubles bare.
Mark Noble's incisive through pass released Pablo Zabaleta, who was marginally offside, in behind Ashley Young, and the full-back's low cross was brilliantly diverted past David de Gea by Anderson inside five minutes.
The visitors steadied after falling behind but attempts on goal were sporadic. Anthony Martial headed a Young cross wide from an offside position before a Romelu Lukaku header clipped the outside of the post midway through the first half.
Just as had been the case against Everton and Chelsea, a resolute defensive display proved key for West Ham, who doubled their lead with a touch of fortune.
Yarmolenko gathered the ball in the area, fashioned a yard of space to get a shot away and his effort struck Lindelof at close range before looping over the helpless De Gea.
A stunning point-blank save from Lukasz Fabianski to claw a Marouane Fellaini header off the line preserved West Ham's two-goal lead on 64 minutes.
Six minutes later Mourinho withdrew the ineffective Pogba but United were on the board within 60 seconds as substitute Rashford brilliantly diverted a corner beyond Fabianski with a near-post flick.
But any momentum gained from that strike lasted just four minutes as Noble's brilliant through ball dissected the Manchester United defence and released Arnautovic, who drilled a low shot past De Gea to wrap up the victory and pile more misery on Mourinho.
Felipe Anderson scored twice as West Ham overcame Burnley 4-2 in a pulsating game at the London Stadium.
Marko Arnautovic put the hosts in front after capitalising on James Tarkowski's mistake before Johann Gudmundsson equalised against the run of play on the stroke of half-time.
West Ham regained the lead as Anderson finished off a free-flowing move but Burnley pegged them back again as Robbie Brady set up fellow substitute Chris Wood for their second goal.
With six minutes remaining, Anderson's goal put West Ham in front for a third time and after Wood hit the bar, Javier Hernandez sealed the points in stoppage time with an emphatic finish.
Manuel Pellegrini had labelled the game as 'must-win' and his side certainly started the game positively, with Arnautovic putting them in front on 11 minutes after robbing Tarkowski and then sliding the ball beyond his former teammate Joe Hart.
It was almost 2-0 to the hosts when Anderson's goal-bound effort was miraculously kept out by Ben Mee, while the lively Grady Diangana should have been awarded a penalty after a trip from Steven Defour. Instead, it was Burnley who got the game's second goal as Gudmundsson broke the offside trap and finished beyond Lukasz Fabianski after latching on to Ashley Westwood's defence-splitting pass.
West Ham continued to dominate after the restart and Anderson regained their lead with a fine finish on 68 minutes following good link-up play by Arnautovic and Diangana. Diangana was sent flying by a dreadful challenge from Tarkowski after he picked out Anderson and the England international was cautioned for the challenge, which perhaps warranted further punishment.
The visitors showed their character again, though, by equalising 10 minutes later. Just two minutes after coming on, Brady whipped in a corner for Wood to head into the corner of the net.
A couple of minutes later, West Ham missed a gilt-edged chance to go in front for a third time when Anderson's curling strike kissed the far post. However, the Brazilian made amends shortly after when his shot took a huge deflection off Mee to leave Hart with no chance.
There was further drama when Wood - who scored twice in the corresponding fixture last season - saw a header crash off the bar but in the end, it was West Ham who grabbed the sixth and final goal of the game when Hernandez slammed a shot into the roof of the net after being picked out by Michail Antonio.
Late goals from Jordan Ayew and Luka Milivojevic saw Crystal Palace secure a 2-0 win against Wolves at Molineux.
Ayew broke the deadlock in the 83rd minute with his first goal for the club before Milivojevic's penalty in stoppage time, after Ryan Bennett had brought down Wilfried Zaha, secured all three points.
Victory sees Palace stay 14th but they move six points clear of the relegation zone after picking up seven points from their last four matches in the league, while Wolves drop a place to ninth after a disappointing evening.
Crystal Palace enjoyed plenty of possession, but chances were few and far between during what was an extremely poor opening 45 minutes of football.
Milivojevic went closest to opening the scoring for Palace. Wily Boly's error gifted possession to Andros Townsend and the winger picked out the Palace skipper, whose shot was tipped over by Rui Patricio.
Wolves struggled to get going but they should have taken the lead in the 36th minute when Ivan Cavaleiro's corner picked out an unmarked Boly in the penalty area. The defender miscued his header, but the ball bounced kindly for Matt Doherty at the far post and he sent the ball over Vicente Guaita's crossbar.Wolves did improve after the break, but their evening was summed up when Jonny struck high over Guaita's crossbar from the edge of the penalty area on the hour mark.
Palace's struggles in front of goal have been well documented this season but they grabbed the opener seven minutes from time as Ayew scored his first goal since April 14.
The ball dropped to Patrick van Aanholt on the edge of the area and his shot fell to Ayew, who produced a brilliant touch to bring the ball down before striking home his first goal of the season from six yards.
Wolves finally produced their first shot on target in stoppage time as they went in search of an equaliser, but substitute Ruben Neves' drive was palmed away to safety by Guaita.
Milivojevic then wrapped up Palace's first top-flight win at Molineux, emphatically scoring from the spot after Bennett had fouled Zaha.
Watford scored twice in 58 seconds to win 2-0 at Molineux and bring an end to Wolves' six-game unbeaten run in the Premier League.
The Hornets produced a perfect response after losing 4-0 to Bournemouth two weeks ago, and there was less than a minute between Etienne Capoue (20) and Roberto Pereyra's (21) strikes that sealed the win for the visitors.
While Wolves improved in the second half, they rarely tested Ben Foster and had just one shot on target - a back-heel from Willy Boly that was saved easily by the Watford goalkeeper.
Watford move above Wolves by a place and a point in the table - going into seventh on 16 points - and end their four-game wait for a Premier League victory.
After a quiet start, the game burst into life in the 20th minute. Pereyra picked out Abdoulaye Doucoure at the top left corner of the box, and he touched the ball back into the path of the waiting Capoue who hammered the ball home from around 30 yards - sending it through the legs of Conor Coady - and leaving Rui Patricio rooted to the spot.
Watford doubled their lead just 58 seconds later. They won the ball back with lightning speed after the restart, with Gerard Deulofeu bursting towards goal before finding Doucoure. He then slid the ball into the feet of Pereyra down the left of the box, with the Argentine producing a marvellous chipped finish to send the ball over Patricio and into the top far corner.
Wolves' only real chance of the first half came in the 40th minute as Diogo Jota slotted the ball into Raul Jiminez's but the forward could only drag the ball wide of the far post. Doucoure nearly added to his two assists with a goal not long after, but his effort was collected well by Patricio.
The hosts improved in the second half and saw the better of possession, but never really tested Foster, with many chances running wide of going over the crossbar. In the 62nd minute they did work the goalkeeper as Joao Moutinho's free-kick was nodded down into the path of Boly, but his attempt to back-heel the ball home was saved down low.
Seven minutes later and Watford should have added their third. Isaac Success slotted the ball into the path of Doucoure but some wonderful tracking from Ruben Neves allowed him to get across the body of the Watford midfielder to stifle his shot, with Patricio also of his line to help smother the ball wide.
Substitutes Ruben Vinagre and Ivan Cavaleiro brightened the game up for Wolves in the second half. With 12 minutes to play, another wonderful cross from the former that was headed towards goal by Cavaleiro, but it went over the crossbar as Wolves suffered their second defeat of the Premier League season.
Burnley are still without a Premier League win this season after Raul Jimenez's second-half goal earned Wolves a 1-0 victory at Molineux on Super Sunday.
The Mexico forward struck the winner in the 61st minute to seal a second straight top-flight victory and one that boss Nuno Espirito Santo will feel his side deserved after Burnley goalkeeper Joe Hart made a string of fine saves to keep his side in the game.
The result sees the home side climb into the top half of the table on eight points, while Burnley have made their worst top-flight start in 90 years and remain in the relegation zone after picking up just one point from their opening five matches.
Hart spoke before the match of his desire to force his way back into England contention and excelled throughout the first half, bravely beating Willy Boly to a Helder Costa cross in the 10th minute before making a pair of vital stops on the half-hour.
An excellent reaction save kept out Jimenez's header with James Tarkowski heading the follow-up effort off the line and Hart then beat Matt Doherty to the ball moments later after his central defender had made another goal-line clearance.
Boly volleyed over the bar as Wolves failed to find the breakthrough their first-half dominance merited and they spurned a glorious chance within a minute of the restart when Jota pounced on Phil Bardsley's error, drew Hart and laid the ball to Jimenez, who blasted past two recovering defenders and over the bar.
However, Hart was finally beaten on 61 minutes thanks to a stylish first-time finish from Jimenez.
Costa slipped Doherty into the right channel and Jimenez met the wing-back's cross with a deft shot across the goalkeeper which went in off the post, giving the home side a deserved lead.
Burnley might have snatched an unlikely equaliser minutes later when substitute Matej Vydra volleyed Johann Berg Gudmundsson's free-kick across goal and Jack Cork was unable to react to tap the ball into an empty yet from a yard.
That was their only real chance of the game and the impressive Doherty spurned another good Wolves opening when he shot wide from near the penalty spot after a one-two with Jimenez
Substitute Leo Bonatini wasted two late chances and Nuno may have been frustrated by his side's inability to kill off a match they dominated, but they are now seven points ahead of a toothless Burnley side who have already played 11 games this campaign and look set for a season of struggle after their early European exit.
Wolves impressed as they earned a 1-1 draw with Premier League champions Manchester City on Saturday at Molineux.
After City hit the woodwork twice in the first half, Wolves took the lead in the most controversial fashion as Willy Boly handled Joao Moutinho's fine cross into the far corner (57), the touch not spotted by referee Martin Atkinson or his assistants.
City equalised through Aymeric Laporte's strong header from Ilkay Gundogan's set piece (69), before Sergio Aguero hit the crossbar with a free-kick in the last minute of stoppage time.
The result means City drop points for the first time this season, while Wolves are on two points from their opening three games.
Wolves caused City some problems early on, seeing Raul Jimenez's early close-range strike chalked off correctly for offside, but City eventually got going.
They rattled the woodwork twice in two minutes; Aguero slid a first-time effort against the foot of the post from 12 yards, before Raheem Sterling's fine half-volley from 25 yards was superbly tipped onto the bar by Rui Patricio, an early contender for save of the season.
Aguero then fired straight at Patricio in a good position after Benjamin Mendy's wicked cross was palmed into his path, before a frantic two-minute period in the second half saw Wolves take the lead and leave City feeling hard-done-by.
Ederson brilliantly tipped wide after Douglas Costa had raced through one-on-one on the City goal, but from the resulting short corner, Moutinho's wicked cross was turned home by the hand of Boly.
Seconds later, Boly superbly blocked from David Silva's drive as City looked for an instant reply, and City then saw strong appeals for a penalty turned down by Atkinson as Ruben Neves tripped Silva.
City did eventually respond through Laporte's first goal for the club, a thumping header from six-yards from Gundogan's pinpoint free-kick, and it was nearly 2-1 as Patricio saved brilliantly with his legs from Gabriel Jesus' strong header.
Aguero hit the woodwork for the second time with a 95th-minute free-kick coming off the crossbar, and it stayed one apiece after a frantic and entertaining contest.

Willy Boly scored a dramatic 95th-minute equaliser as Wolves denied Newcastle a crucial win with a 1-1 draw on Monday Night Football.
It looked as though Newcastle were about to pull away from the relegation zone after Isaac Hayden (56) took advantage of some flimsy goalkeeping from Rui Patricio to score his first goal since October 2017. Wolves were strangely disjointed in their bid for a fourth straight win but staged one final push and Boly rose above Newcastle goalkeeper Martin Dubravka to nod home with the last attack of the game. The result leaves Rafa Benitez's side one point above the drop zone in 16th while Wolves remain seventh. 
Newcastle gave ?21m record signing Miguel Almiron a second-half debut as he saw up close the excitement of Premier League football. The visitors carried little threat in attacking areas but Wolves were equally as blunt in a stodgy opening 45 minutes. Raul Jimenez had the best opening of the half but his low effort was pushed away by Dubravka. Wolves came close to opening the scoring three minutes after the break. Matt Doherty reacted to a knockdown at the back post but hooked an effort over the crossbar under pressure from the tireless Sean Longstaff. But the hosts were then caught cold on 56 minutes. 
Fabian Schar released Hayden into the box and his strike was straight at Patricio but he could only flap the ball into the net. Wolves created little in response as Newcastle were expertly organised without the ball, although Jimenez did miscue a header from six yards out. 
But Wolves had claimed seven points with goals in the final 10 minutes of games this season and maintained their staying power as Boly was too strong for Dubravka in the final minute and nodded home to leave Newcastle dumbfounded.




Wolves secured a third win on the bounce as goals from Raul Jimenez and Ivan Cavaleiro gave them a 2-0 victory over Bournemouth.
Neither side were able to find their best form at Molineux but Jimenez (12) profited from Charlie Daniels' error to give Wolves the lead and, with Bournemouth pushing for an equaliser, Cavaleiro (90+4) made sure of the points deep into stoppage time.
The defeat continues a worrying run of form for Eddie Howe's side, who have now lost six of their last seven Premier League games.
They remain in the top half though while Nuno Espirito Santo's side are up to seventh, overtaking today's opponents, and just one point behind Manchester United.
Both sides failed to make the most of some presentable openings after a lively start with Josh King waiting too long to get his shot away after finding space on the right-hand side of the box in the third minute, allowing Conor Coady to slide across and divert it over the bar.
Carelessness was the theme of a first half heavily punctuated by errors but it was Bournemouth who were punished as Daniels' drilled his cross-field pass straight to Diogo Jota.
The winger drove past Nathan Ake and into the box and although he dragged his shot, Jimenez was on hand at the far post to stroke the ball into the empty net from six yards.
Bournemouth were hampered further after Tyrone Mings was forced off just after the half hour mark, holding his lower back, while Wolves lost Jota to injury after a collision with Steve Cook just before the break.
The Bournemouth defender got across superbly to deny the winger a one-on-one opportunity after Jimenez's excellent pass but Jota stayed down and was unable to continue.
Helder Costa replaced him and should have doubled Wolves' lead just before the hour after being sent clear down the right by Morgan Gibbs-White. Costa was unable to get the ball onto his favoured left foot, Jimenez was straining to get forward in support but the substitute went for goal with his right and sliced the effort horribly wide with only Asmir Begovic to beat.
Howe sent on the fit-again Callum Wilson and his introduction triggered the start of Bournemouth's best spell of the game.
Junior Stanislas rattled the bar with a free-kick from the edge of the box but, as the game wore on, Wolves wrestled back control and after Costa's perfectly-timed through ball sent him clear, Cavaleiro slotted the ball past Begovic to secure the victory in the final seconds.
Ivan Cavaleiro came off the bench to score just moments into his Premier League debut to set Wolves on their way to a 2-0 win over Southampton.
Cavaleiro struck 11 minutes from time at Molineux and Jonny (87) added a second late on to secure the three points for the home side.
Southampton were the better side for long spells, especially in the second half, but when Wesley Hoedt failed to deal with Adama Traore's low cross, Raul Jimenez teed up Cavaleiro to fire in the opener.
Matt Doherty was then allowed to get to the byline and pick out Jonny, who had the time to initially miscontrol the ball before firing past Alex McCarthy from close range.
Wolves' victory lifts them up to eighth, a point outside the top six, while Southampton drop to 15th.
Wolves settled quickest on a bright day in the Black Country and had a flurry of opportunities in the first 15 minutes as their front three began to find space between the Southampton defence and midfield.
Doherty headed wide from a free-kick but the best chance fell to Jonny, whose right-footed effort from 15 yards was pushed away by Alex McCarthy, after the ball had fallen to him following good play from Helder Costa to free Doherty on the right.
Southampton gradually worked their way into the match and ended the half the better side and could easily have been in front but for a good stop from Rui Patricio to deny Mohamed Elyounoussi when the winger was put in by Nathan Redmond clipped pass.
After a scrappy opening to the second period, it was Southampton who seized the initiative and kept Wolves penned inside their own half.
Danny Ings saw his shot blocked after a quick turn in the box and substitute Stuart Armstrong forced a save from Patricio from a similar position by the right corner of the six-yard box.
Wolves held on though and it was two substitutes of their own who proved decisive. Traore attacked the box and fired in a cross, Hoedt cut it out but slipped in doing so, allowing Jimenez to play the ball into the path of Cavaleiro, who thumped the ball high into the net.
Jimenez was denied a goal when McCarthy dived at full-stretch to flick the header over the bar with a fantastic save but the Saints goalkeeper was beaten again by the end, Doherty brushing past Armstrong weak challenge and finding Jonny, who overcame a poor first touch to ram the ball home.
Wolves ended a run of six games without a win in the Premier League by coming from a goal down to beat Chelsea 2-1 at Molineux on Wednesday evening.
The hosts found themselves behind in unfortunate circumstances when Conor Coady inadvertently diverted Ruben Loftus-Cheek's shot past Rui Patricio in the 18th minute.
However, Nuno Espirito Santo's side roared back after the break as Raul Jimenez (59) brought them level before Diogo Jota's first Premier League goal soon after (63) secured Wolves a much-needed three points.
Victory moves Wolves up to 12th in the Premier League table while Chelsea, who are now 10 points behind league leaders Manchester City, drop down to fourth following Tottenham's 3-1 win over Southampton at Wembley.
Wolves, who had lost their previous six matches heading into the game, were given an early warning of the threat posed by Chelsea when N'Golo Kante's cut-back picked out Eden Hazard in acres of space at the far post. The Belgium international took the shot on first time but could not generate enough power to beat Patricio.
Patricio had no chance of keeping out the visitors' opener though as Coady could only divert Loftus-Cheek's shot into the bottom corner, wrong-footing the Portuguese goalkeeper in the process.
Willian thought he had doubled his side's lead five minutes later but Patricio scrambled across goal to make a superb one-handed save to keep out the Brazilian's free-kick.
Wolves remained a threat on the counter-attack with Morgan Gibbs-White the main danger and the youngster was denied a clear shooting opportunity by a brilliant last-ditch tackle by Cesc Fabregas, before Ryan Bennett produced one of his own at the other end on Willian just before the break.
Despite the scoreline, there were plenty of positives from the first half for Wolves but they could have been further behind but for a brilliant last-ditch tackle from Willy Boly to deny Alvaro Morata.
The visitors were made to pay for that missed opportunity as Wolves scored two goals in four minutes to turn the game on its head.
First, Gibbs-White did well to hold off a couple of challenges before picking out Jimenez, who drilled the ball through Kepa Arrizabalaga and into the back of the net.
Then, Willian lost out to Joao Moutinho, who slid the ball through for Doherty and his low cross was converted at the back post by the unmarked Jota.
Maurizio Sarri threw on Olivier Giroud, Pedro and Mateo Kovacic as he looked for a response from his side but Hazard shot over and Fabregas sliced off target as Chelsea chased an equaliser which never came.
Harry Kane scored for the first time in four league games as Tottenham moved into fourth with a nervy 3-2 win over Wolves at Molineux.
Two quickfire Spurs first-half goals looked to have done the damage, with Erik Lamela slotting beyond Rui Patricio (27) and Lucas Moura left unmarked to head in a second three minutes later, although Raul Jimenez's strike shortly after should have cut the deficit but was wrongly chalked off for offside.
Kane avoided setting his longest run without a league goal in more than three years by netting at the second attempt on the hour to seemingly put the game to bed, but Wolves struck back instantly with Ruben Neves' penalty, before Jimenez added another from the spot with 11 minutes to go to set up a tense finish.
But Hugo Lloris was untested in the final moments of the game as Spurs claimed a much-needed victory and remain a point above their tally at this stage last season, with 24 from 11 games.
The game's slow early rhythm was not helped by a long enforced stoppage when Mousa Dembele was forced off with injury, and the only save either keeper made in the opening 25 minutes came when Patricio kept out Kane's effort from the edge of the box.
But their next attack would prove more clinical, and was started and finished by Lamela, who drifted off the right before exchanging passes with Heung-Min Son and firing through Patricio's legs.
Wolves were clearly still reeling after conceding the opener, having dealt with Tottenham well until that point, but allowed them to grab a quick second when Kieran Trippier was given space to cross for an unmarked 5ft 8in Moura to nod in at the far post, with the hosts' considerably larger three defenders all letting him go.
Before the break, they collectively made up for that error as Jimenez swept home Moutinho's pull-back - but the Portuguese midfielder was wrongly pulled up as offside by the near assistant referee, despite being half a yard behind Toby Alderweireld.
Wolves grew their momentum after the break and tested Lloris with strikes from Jimenez and Neves, but Spurs showed their clinical touch again to secure a three-goal lead when Kane fired past Patricio from the angle after the goalkeeper had kept out his initial effort.
And that goal would end up proving crucial, after Wolves mounted a fightback which began when Foyth clattered into Jimenez inside the box after Trippier had been caught out trying to nutmeg Leo Bonatini.
Neves stepped up from the spot to pull a goal back, and Wolves were soon given another penalty when Foyth was again penalised for hauling down Jonny.
There was no chance for Neves to double his tally for the night this time, and Jimenez instead stepped up and fired into the opposite corner.
But with 11 minutes to find an unlikely equaliser, Wolves never really tested Lloris after Mauricio Pochettino brought on a third central defender in Davinson Sanchez, and the hosts were condemned to their third straight league defeat.
