Manchester City continued their unbeaten Premier League start with a 3-1 victory over Bournemouth on Saturday at the Etihad, their sixth league win in a row.
City took the lead on 16 minutes through Bernardo Silva's shot through a crowd from 15 yards, but Bournemouth got a deserved equaliser late in the half as Callum Wilson's fine header found the top corner (44).
Raheem Sterling hit the post after the break following a mazy run, but got his goal on 57 minutes, converting from close range after Asmir Begovic had spilled Danilo's shot, before Ilkay Gundogan got City's third from six yards from Leroy Sane's centre (79).
The result means City are five points clear at the top of the Premier League, with second-place Liverpool facing Everton on Super Sunday. Bournemouth move down to ninth.
Without the injured Sergio Aguero, City dominated the ball early on and should have been ahead through Gabriel Jesus, but his effort on the stretch at the far stick from Sane went inches wide of Begovic's post.
They did go ahead a few minutes later as Oleksandr Zinchenko's fine ball in behind found Sane in the box, and despite Begovic getting there first to palm away, Silva was on hand to shoot through a crowded box and into the net.
Wilson should have levelled just before his opener, failing to get onto Josh King's superb ball into the box on the stretch, but he did get his eighth of the season with a brilliant header from Simon Francis' cross a minute before the break. Sterling impressed again at the Etihad, skipping past five Bournemouth players before seeing his deflected shot come off the post, but minutes later he scored his ninth goal of the season, slamming home from close range after Begovic had spilled Danilo's fierce, low shot from the right of the box.
Fernandinho then placed a left-footed shot just wide of the left-hand post from the right of the area, while at the other end Wilson nearly squeezed home another leveller from Steve Cook's dangerous long throw. But after Bourmemouth had a strong penalty appeal turned down by Stuart Attwell for Fernandinho's shove on Mings, City got their two-goal cushion with 11 minutes remaining.
Man of the match Sane, who caused Bournemouth's defence issues all afternoon, burst free down the left, before crossing low at the byline for Gundogan to convert simply from point-blank range.

