Anthony Martial's stunning second-half goal helped secure Manchester United a 2-1 win over Everton in the Premier League.
Romelu Lukaku was named on the United bench for just the third time since he joined the club from Everton, but the hosts were ahead at half-time without him thanks to Paul Pogba's rebound from a controversial saved penalty (27) following Idrissa Gueye's trip on Martial.
The Frenchman then curled an unstoppable effort past Jordan Pickford from the edge of the box (49) to continue his fine goalscoring form, before Gylfi Sigurdsson halved the deficit from the penalty spot (77) to make for a nervy finish.
The result leaves Jose Mourinho's United in eighth place with 17 points from 10 games, two points and one place above Everton.
A minute's silence was held before the game, the last at Old Trafford before Remembrance Sunday, and also for the events in Leicester on Saturday night.
The early stages saw both sides miss unmarked headers; Andre Gomes nodded straight at David de Gea from a corner, while Juan Mata headed Ashley Young's cross into the ground and into the grateful hands of Pickford.
Martial forced a good save out of Pickford from long range, and was then brought down in the area by Gueye for the penalty, though the Everton man did look to get a touch on the ball. Pogba stepped up with a trademark approach slower than ever, saw his attempt wonderfully saved by Pickford to his right, but slid home the rebound with ease.
United were 2-0 up just after the break through Martial's fourth goal in three Premier League games, curling a first-time beauty into the far corner from 20 yards after Pogba's square ball.
Everton's Bernard rounded De Gea but struck into the side-netting moments later, Marcus Rashford forced a good save out of Pickford's with his feet from an angle, and Pogba did the same as the chances kept flowing.
United allowed Everton a passage back into the game with 13 minutes remaining as Pogba needlessly gave the ball away in midfield, before Chris Smalling upended Richarlison. Sigurdsson duly converted, sending De Gea the wrong way.
Lukaku did eventually come on but glanced a clear header wide before Everton got their goal, while Martial missed a one-on-one chance to get his second in stoppage time before United saw the game out.
